PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar hold
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla move sev
bot move swe
bul move gre
bur move mun
con move bul
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move por
mar move spa
nth convoy yor move den
nrg move nwy
ruh move mun
rum hold
ser support tri
tyr support ven move tri
ukr move sev
ven move tri
war move gal
yor move den
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
build Army par
build Army rom
build Fleet sev
build Fleet smy
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bel support ruh move hol
bla support bul move rum
bre move pic
bud support tri
bul move rum
bur move ruh
con move bul
gal move war
kie move den
lon move nth
mun hold
nth move hel
nwy hold
par support bur
por move mid
rom move nap
ruh move hol
rum move bla
ser support alb move gre
sev support rum move bla
smy move aeg
spa move gas
swe move bal
tri support bud
tun move ion
tyr hold
ukr move rum
ven hold
war move sil
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla move ank
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
ank move con
bal support sil move ber
bel support hol
bla support ukr move rum
bud move vie
bul move gre
con move bul
den hold
gas move bur
hel support lon move hol
hol support bel
ion convoy nap move alb
lon move hol
mid move bre
mun move kie
nap move alb
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy move stp/nc
par hold
pic move bel
ruh support tyr move mun
ser support gre
sev support ukr move rum
sil move ber
tyr move mun
ukr move rum
ven hold
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Army rom
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move apu
bal convoy ber move lvn
bel move eng
ber move lvn
bla support rum
bre move pic
bud move ser
bul support aeg move gre
bur support pic move bel
den support kie
edi move nrg
gre support ser move alb
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
ion convoy alb move apu
kie hold
lon move hol
mun support ruh move kie
nth convoy lon move hol
pic move bel
rom move ven
ruh move kie
rum hold
ser move alb
sev move arm
sil move ber
stp/nc move bar
tri support vie move tyr
ven move tyr
vie move tyr
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move ven
arm move ank
bal support ber move kie
bar move stp/nc
ber move kie
bla support arm move ank
bul support gre
bur move ruh
con move smy
den support kie
eng move mid
gre support bul
hel support nth move den
hol support ruh move kie
ion move eas
kie hold
lvn move stp
mun support ven move tyr
nth move den
par move gas
pic move bre
rom move tus
ruh move kie
rum move bul
ser support alb move gre
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ven move tyr
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army/dislodged den
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Turkey: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
den disband
gre move aeg
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
remove kie
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
remove smy
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move con
apu move ven
bal move swe
bar move stp/nc
bla support ank move con
bre move mid
bul support aeg move gre
den support hel move kie
eas move smy
edi move nwy
gas move bre
gre support ser move bul
hel move kie
hol support hel move kie
lon hold
lvn support mos move stp
mid move por
mar move spa/sc
mos move stp
mun support ven move tyr
nrg convoy edi move nwy
ruh move kie
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
tri support mun move ven
tus support apu move ven
tyr move ven
ven move tyr
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tyr move vie
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army bud
build Army rom
remove ruh
build Fleet sev
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bar support nwy move stp
ber hold
bla move con
bud support tri
con move aeg
den move nth
hol move kie
kie move bal
lvn support stp
mid move por
mun support ven move tyr
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp
por move spa/sc
rom move tus
rum hold
sev move bla
smy hold
spa/sc support mid move por
stp hold
swe hold
tus move ven
tyr move boh
ven move tyr
vie move boh
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move smy
bal move lvn
bar convoy lon move stp
bel move ruh
ber support sil move mun
bla move con
bud move gal
con move smy
kie move ber
lon move stp
lvn move stp
mun hold
nth convoy lon move stp
nrg convoy lon move stp
nwy support lon move stp
rom move tus
rum move gal
sil move mun
stp move fin
swe hold
tri move tyr
tus move ven
tyr move vie
ven move tri
vie support tri move tyr
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Italy: fleet/dislodged smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
smy move eas
tyr move boh
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army mar
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support nwy move swe
bar move stp/nc
ber support sil move mun
boh support tri move vie
bud move tri
bul move ser
bur support ruh move mun
con move aeg
eas move ion
edi move hol
fin move nwy
gre support bul move ser
kie support edi move hol
lvn move mos
mar hold
mun support ven move tyr
nth convoy edi move hol
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
por move mid
ruh move mun
rum move ukr
sil move mun
smy move eas
spa/sc move wes
stp move fin
swe move bal
tri move vie
tus move ven
tyr support bud move tri
ven move tyr
vie support bud move tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe move den
vie move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move eas
bal support kie move ber
bar support stp
ber move kie
boh move vie
bre move tun
bur move mun
con move aeg
den move swe
eas move ion
fin support den move swe
gal move vie
hol move kie
kie move ber
mid convoy bre move tun
mos move stp
mun support ven move tyr
nth move den
nrg move nwy
ruh support bur move mun
ser move bud
sil support bur move mun
smy support aeg move eas
stp hold
swe support nth move den
tri support gal move vie
tus move ven
tyr move boh
ukr move war
ven move tyr
vie move bud
wes convoy bre move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Russia: army/dislodged ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move pru
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Army par
remove smy
remove tus
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support den move swe
bar support stp
ber support mun move sil
boh move tyr
bre move gas
bud move gal
den move swe
eas support aeg move ion
edi move nth
fin move nwy
ion move tys
kie support ber
mid move wes
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move sil
nwy support den move swe
par move bur
pru move ber
ruh move mun
ser move tri
sil support pru move ber
stp hold
swe support fin move nwy
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ven support boh move tyr
vie support bud move gal
war move lvn
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move adr
swe move bot
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
bal support stp move lvn
bar move stp/nc
ber support mun move sil
boh move vie
bot support mos move stp
bur support mun
eas move ion
fin support mos move stp
gal move boh
gas move mar
ion move nap
kie support ber
lon move yor
lvn support mos move stp
mid move spa/sc
mos move stp
mun support boh move tyr
nth hold
nwy move swe
pru move ber
ruh support mun
ser move bud
sil support pru move ber
spa move naf
stp move lvn
swe move fin
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ven support adr move tri
vie support gal move boh
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
Russia: army/dislodged lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
lvn move mos
ven move rom
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bal move bot
bar support nwy move stp/nc
ber hold
boh support sil
bot move swe
bud move tri
bur move mar
fin move nwy
gre move alb
ion support nap
kie support ber
lvn move mos
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support stp
mun hold
nap support ven move rom
nth convoy yor move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
pru move ber
rom support tri move ven
ruh support mun
sil support pru move ber
stp support war move lvn
swe move fin
tri move ven
tyr move ven
ven move rom
vie support bud move tri
war move lvn
yor move nwy
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: fleet/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
rom move apu
tri move adr
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support apu move ven
alb move ser
apu move ven
bal support ber move pru
bar support stp/nc
ber move pru
boh move mun
bot support fin move stp
fin move stp
ion move tys
kie move ber
lvn support ber move pru
mar move pie
mos support fin move stp
nap support ion move tys
nth convoy yor move nwy
pie move ven
pru support war move lvn
rom support tri move ven
ruh support mun
sil move ber
spa move naf
stp/nc hold
swe move fin
tri move ven
tun move tus
tyr support boh move mun
tys convoy tun move tus
vie move boh
war move lvn
wes move tun
yor move nwy
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tys move tus
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
remove apu
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move swe
bar support nwy move stp
boh support tyr
bot support stp
bud move gal
fin support nwy move stp
mar move pie
mos support stp
mun hold
nap move ion
nwy move stp
pie move ven
ruh support mun
ser move tri
sev move bla
sil support war
stp hold
tri move ven
tus move tys
tyr support tri move ven
vie support boh
war hold
wes support tus move tys
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: fleet/dislodged tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tys move nap
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bla move con
boh move mun
bot support stp
gal support war
ion support nap move tys
mar move pie
mos support stp
mun move tyr
nap move tys
pie move tus
rom support tri move ven
ruh move mun
sil support boh move mun
spa move gas
stp hold
tri move ven
tun hold
tyr support boh move mun
tys support pie move tus
ven move tus
vie move boh
war hold
wes support tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move bur
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove gas
build Army sev
build Army vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar support nwy move stp
boh support mun
bot support mos move lvn
bud hold
bur support ruh move mun
con move aeg
edi move hol
fin support nwy move stp
gal support war
ion support nap move tys
kie move ber
lvn move war
mar move pie
mos support stp
mun support sil move ber
nap move tys
nth convoy edi move hol
nwy move stp
pie move tus
pru support lvn move war
rom support ven move tus
ruh move mun
sev move ukr
sil move ber
stp hold
swe move bot
tri move ven
tun hold
tyr support mun
tys move ion
ven move tus
vie move tri
war support mos move lvn
wes move gol
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tys move wes
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bar move nwy
boh support mun
bot move bal
bud move vie
bur support ruh move mun
fin move stp/sc
gal support war
hol move kie
ion move tun
kie move ber
lvn support stp move mos
gol support wes move tys
mar support pie
mos hold
mun support sil move ber
nth hold
pru move war
ruh move mun
sil move ber
stp move mos
swe hold
tri move ven
tus support ven move pie
tyr support ven move pie
tys support ion move tun
ukr support mos
ven move pie
war hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: fleet/dislodged tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tys move nap
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army lon
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal support sil move ber
boh move mun
bre move mid
bur support ruh move mun
fin move bot
gal support war
hol move kie
ion support nap move tys
kie move ber
lon move hol
lvn support pru move war
gol support tys
mar hold
mos hold
mun move ber
nap move tys
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy support stp
pie hold
pru move war
rom support nap
ruh move mun
sil move ber
stp hold
swe move bal
tus support pie
tyr support boh move mun
tys hold
ukr support mos
ven support pie
vie move boh
war hold
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal move den
boh support mun
bot move bal
bur support ruh move mun
gal support war
hol move kie
ion move nap
kie move ber
lvn support pru move war
gol support tys
mid move wes
mos hold
mun support sil move ber
nap move rom
nwy move swe
pru move war
rom move apu
ruh move mun
sil move ber
stp move mos
swe move den
tus support pie
tyr support mun
ukr support mos
ven support pie
war hold
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Russia: fleet rom
Russia: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet sev
remove vie
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Russia: fleet rom
Russia: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu support rom
bal support mun move ber
boh support tyr move mun
bur support ruh move mun
gal support war
ion support nap move tys
gol support tys
mar hold
mos hold
mun move ber
nap move tys
pie hold
rom support nap move tys
ruh move mun
sev move bla
sil support mun move ber
tun hold
tus support ven move pie
tyr move mun
tys hold
ukr support mos
ven support pie
war hold
wes support tys
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Russia: fleet rom
Russia: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu support rom
bal move den
ber support tyr move mun
bla move con
boh support tyr move mun
bur support ruh move mun
gal support war
ion support nap move tys
gol support tys
mar hold
mos hold
nap move tys
rom support nap move tys
ruh move mun
sil support tyr move mun
tus support pie
tyr move mun
ukr support mos
ven support pie
war hold
wes support tys
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Russia: fleet rom
Russia: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove lon
remove nth
build Army sev
build Army tri
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Russia: fleet rom
Russia: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu support rom
ber support mun
boh support mun
bot move bal
bur support ruh move mun
con move aeg
den move nth
gal support war
ion support nap move tys
kie support swe move den
lvn move war
gol support tys
mar hold
mos hold
mun support ber
nap move tys
nwy move nth
pru support lvn move war
rom support nap move tys
ruh move mun
sev support mos
sil support war move pru
stp move mos
swe move den
tri move tyr
tun hold
tus support pie
tys hold
ukr move war
ven support pie
war move pru
wes support tys
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Russia: fleet rom
Russia: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move hel
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Russia: fleet rom
Russia: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu support tus move ven
bal move ber
ber support mun move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bur support ruh move mun
gal support ukr move war
hel move nth
hol support kie
ion move nap
kie support bal move ber
lvn move pru
gol support tys
mos support pru move lvn
mun move kie
nap move rom
nwy move nth
pru move lvn
rom move tus
ruh move mun
sev support mos
sil support ukr move war
stp move mos
tus move ven
tyr move mun
tys hold
ukr move war
ven move tyr
wes support tys
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Russia: fleet rom
Russia: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
remove sev
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Russia: fleet rom
Russia: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu support ion move nap
bal move pru
ber support mun move kie
boh move mun
bur support ruh move mun
den support kie
edi move nth
hel support mun move kie
hol support kie
ion move nap
kie hold
lon support edi move nth
lvn support bal move pru
gol support tys
mar hold
mos support war move lvn
mun move kie
nap move rom
nwy move ska
pru support war move lvn
rom move tus
ruh move mun
sil support ber
stp move mos
tun hold
tus move ven
tyr support boh move mun
tys hold
ven move tri
war move lvn
wes support tys
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Russia: fleet rom
Russia: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Russia: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu support rom
bal support kie move ber
ber support mun move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bur support ruh move mun
den move kie
gal support war
hel support mun move kie
ion support nap move tys
kie move ber
lon move eng
lvn move mos
gol support tys
mos support war move lvn
mun move kie
nap move tys
nth hold
pie move mar
pru support war move lvn
rom support nap move tys
ruh move mun
sil support tyr move mun
ska move den
stp support lvn move mos
tus support nap move tys
tyr move mun
tys move ion
ven move pie
war move lvn
wes support tys
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Russia: fleet rom
Russia: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Russia: fleet tus
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move sev
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Russia: fleet rom
Russia: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Russia: fleet tus
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army par
remove rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Russia: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Russia: fleet tus
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move pru
ber move mun
boh support mun
bur move mun
den support hol move kie
edi move hol
gal move ukr
hel support kie
hol move kie
ion support tys
kie move ruh
lvn support sev move mos
mos support stp move lvn
mun support kie move ruh
nth convoy edi move hol
par move bur
pru move ber
ruh support hol move kie
sev move mos
sil move war
stp move lvn
tri move tyr
tus move gol
tys support tus move gol
ven support pie
vie move gal
wes support tun
PHASE 1915 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
France: fleet/dislodged gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Russia: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gol move spa/sc
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Russia: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move ven
bal support stp move lvn
ber support ruh move mun
boh move sil
bur support mar
den support nth move hel
eng hold
gal move boh
hel support mun move kie
hol hold
ion move tun
kie support ruh move mun
lvn support sev move mos
gol support pie move mar
mar hold
mos support stp move lvn
mun support boh move sil
nth move hel
par move gas
pie move mar
pru move ber
ruh move mun
sev move mos
ska move nth
spa/sc support wes
stp move lvn
tyr support mun
tys support ion move tun
ukr support sev move mos
ven move pie
war support sev move mos
wes support tun
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
England: army/dislodged mos
England: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Russia: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move stp
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Russia: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Russia: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move ven
bal move pru
ber move sil
boh move mun
bur support ruh move mun
den move nth
eng move mid
gas support mar
hol hold
ion move tun
kie support ruh move mun
lvn support stp move mos
gol move wes
mos support war move lvn
mun move ber
nth move eng
pie move mar
pru support sil move ber
ruh move mun
sev move bla
sil support mun move ber
spa/sc support wes
stp move mos
tyr support boh move mun
tys support ion move tun
ukr support mos
ven move pie
war move lvn
wes support tun
PHASE 1916 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Russia: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army/dislodged tun
Russia: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tun move naf
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Russia: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move ven
bal support kie move ber
ber move kie
bla move con
boh support tyr move mun
bur support mun
gas support mar
hel move kie
hol move ruh
kie move ber
lvn move pru
gol support tys move wes
mid support wes
mar support spa/sc
mos support war move lvn
mun support kie move ber
naf support wes move tun
pie move mar
pru support war move lvn
sil support tyr move mun
spa/sc support wes
stp support lvn
tun support tys move wes
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr support mos
ven move pie
war move lvn
wes move tun
PHASE 1916 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Russia: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Russia: fleet/dislodged tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
tun move tys
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Russia: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Fleet tri
build Army war
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Russia: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move ven
bal move lvn
ber hold
boh support mun
bur support mar
con move aeg
edi move hol
eng hold
gas support spa/sc
kie support ber
lon hold
lvn move stp
gol support wes
mid move wes
mos support lvn move stp
mun support sil move ber
naf support tun
nth convoy edi move hol
par move pic
pie move mar
pru support sil move ber
ruh support bur move mun
sev move bla
sil move ber
spa/sc support mid move wes
stp move mos
tri move alb
tys move tun
ukr support mos
ven move tyr
war move lvn
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1917 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Russia: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp move fin
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Russia: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support aeg move ion
bal move ber
ber support mun
bla move con
boh move sil
bur move mun
eng convoy lon move bre
fin move stp
gas support mar
hol move bel
kie support bal move ber
lon move bre
gol support wes
mid move por
mos move stp
mun support ber
naf support tun
nth hold
pic move bur
pie move mar
pru support ber
ruh move mun
spa/sc support mid move wes
stp move nwy
tun support mid move wes
tyr support mun
tys move tun
ukr move gal
ven move pie
war move lvn
wes hold
PHASE 1917 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: army naf
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Russia: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
remove mar
remove naf
build Fleet tri
remove tun
build Army war
PHASE 1918 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Russia: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ion
bal move ber
bel move bur
ber support mun move kie
bre support lon move pic
bur move par
con move aeg
edi move nwy
eng convoy lon move pic
fin support edi move nwy
gal move boh
gas move bre
ion move tun
kie support bal move ber
lon move pic
lvn support mos move stp
gol support pie move mar
mos move stp
mun move kie
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy support mos move stp
pic support gas move bre
pie move mar
por hold
ruh move mun
sil support tyr move mun
spa/sc move mid
tri move adr
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ven move pie
wes move mid
PHASE 1918 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Russia: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move swe
PHASE 1918 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Russia: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal move swe
ber move kie
boh move sil
bre support bur move par
bur move par
eng move pic
fin support bal move swe
gas support pic move bre
kie move ber
lon move bel
lvn move stp
gol support wes move spa/sc
mar move bur
mun support ber move kie
nth convoy lon move bel
nwy support bal move swe
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
pie move mar
por move spa/nc
pru support ber
ruh move mun
sil move ber
spa/sc move por
stp move fin
swe support stp move fin
tyr support mun
tys move wes
war move lvn
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1918 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Russia: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: army/dislodged swe
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
spa/sc disband
swe move den
PHASE 1918 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Russia: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove gas
build Army mos
remove pic
build Army sev
PHASE 1919 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Russia: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move ion
bel hold
ber move kie
boh support mun
bre support par
bur move mun
den support ber move kie
fin support nwy move stp
ion move tys
kie move ber
lvn support stp
gol move spa/sc
mar move gas
mos move stp
mun support ber move kie
nth support swe move den
nwy move stp
par support bre
pie move mar
por move mid
ruh support bur move mun
sev move ukr
sil move ber
spa/sc move mid
stp move fin
swe move den
tun move naf
tyr move pie
war move mos
wes support spa/sc move mid
PHASE 1919 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Russia: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move bur
ber support mun move kie
boh move mun
bre support par
bur move mun
den move bal
fin support stp
gas support mar move bur
kie move ber
lvn move stp
mid move iri
mar move bur
mos support lvn move stp
mun move kie
naf move mid
nth move den
par support bre
pie move mar
pru support lvn
ruh support bur move mun
sil support boh move mun
spa/sc move por
stp hold
tys move gol
ukr support mos
war move lvn
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1919 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
England: army/dislodged bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Russia: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Russia: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move pic
kie move hel
PHASE 1919 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Russia: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Russia: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lvp
build Army sev
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1920 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Russia: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Russia: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bal support stp move lvn
bel move ruh
ber support kie
boh move mun
bre support par
bur move par
den support ruh move kie
fin move stp
gas support bur move par
hel support ruh move kie
ion move tun
iri move lvp
kie support ber
lvn move stp
mid move eng
mar move bur
mos support lvn move stp
par support bre
pic move bel
ruh move kie
sev support mos
sil support boh move mun
spa/sc move por
stp move lvn
tri move adr
ukr support mos
vie move tyr
war move lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1920 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
England: army kie
Austria: army/dislodged kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Russia: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move hol
PHASE 1920 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
England: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Russia: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
bal support kie move ber
bel move hol
ber support mun move kie
bre support par
bur move par
den move kie
eng move lon
fin support stp
gas support bur move par
hel support bel move hol
hol support mun move kie
ion move tys
kie move ber
lvn move stp
gol move wes
mid support spa/sc move por
mar move bur
mos support lvn move stp
mun move kie
par support bre
pru support lvn
ruh move mun
sev support mos
sil support ber
spa/sc move por
stp hold
tun move naf
tyr move mun
ukr support mos
war support lvn
PHASE 1920 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Russia: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Russia: army pru
Russia: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army vie
PHASE 1921 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
Russia: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Russia: army pru
Russia: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move ber
ber support kie
bre support par
bur move pic
den support hel move kie
fin support stp
gas support mar move bur
hel move kie
hol support hel move kie
ion move tys
iri move lvp
kie support ber
lon move yor
lvn support mos move stp
lvp move wal
mid move eng
mar move bur
mos move stp
naf move mid
par support bre
por move spa/nc
pru support lvn
ruh move bel
sev move mos
sil support tyr move mun
stp hold
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ukr support mos
vie move boh
war support mos
wes hold
PHASE 1921 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
Austria: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pic
Russia: supply por
Russia: army pru
Russia: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
kie move ruh
PHASE 1921 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Austria: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pic
Russia: supply por
Russia: army pru
Russia: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
bal support kie
bel move ruh
ber support ruh move kie
bre support par
bur support gas move par
den support kie
eng move lon
fin support stp
gas move par
hol support bel
lvn support mos move stp
mid move iri
mos move stp
mun support ruh move kie
par move gas
pic support gas move par
pru support lvn
ruh move kie
sev move mos
sil support ber
spa/nc move mid
stp hold
tys move wes
ukr support mos
wal move lon
war support mos
wes move mid
yor move edi
PHASE 1921 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Russia: supply por
Russia: army pru
Russia: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove wal
PHASE 1922 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Russia: supply por
Russia: army pru
Russia: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move bot
bel move ruh
ber support mun move kie
boh move mun
bre move par
bur support pic move bel
den move bal
edi move nrg
eng move nth
fin support stp
hol support kie
iri move eng
kie hold
lvn move stp
lvp move nat
gol move mar
mos support lvn move stp
mun move kie
par move bre
pic move bel
pru support lvn
ruh support mun move kie
sev move ukr
sil support ber
spa/nc move mid
stp hold
ukr move gal
war support mos
PHASE 1922 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Russia: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Russia: supply por
Russia: army pru
Russia: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support ruh move hol
ber move kie
bre move par
bur move gas
eng move nth
gal support war
lvn move stp
mid move eng
mos support lvn move stp
mun support ber move kie
nat move nrg
nth move den
nrg move nwy
pru support lvn
ruh move hol
sil move ber
ukr support mos
war move lvn
PHASE 1922 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: army kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Russia: supply por
Russia: army pru
Russia: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1922 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Russia: supply por
Russia: army pru
Russia: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
