PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
ber move pru
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move tus
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move sev
bot move swe
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
con move bul
den move swe
gal move sil
ion move tun
mid move spa/sc
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg support yor move nwy
pic move bel
pru move lvn
ruh move hol
sev move bla
spa move por
tri move ser
tus move ven
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army ber
remove bot
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army smy
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
bel hold
ber hold
bla move rum
bre move mid
bud move gal
bul move rum
con support smy
den hold
hol hold
lon support nth
lvn move war
mar move gol
mun hold
nap move tys
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp
par move gas
por move spa
rum move sev
ser support gre
sev hold
sil move mun
smy hold
spa/sc move wes
tri move bud
tun move wes
tyr support ven move pie
ukr move war
ven move pie
vie support bud move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
bel hold
ber hold
bla support ukr move rum
bud move rum
bul move rum
con move bul/ec
den hold
gal support bud move rum
gas move mar
gre support ser move bul
hol hold
lon move nth
lvn move mos
gol move tus
mid convoy por move naf
mun hold
nth move nrg
nwy move swe
pie move mar
por move naf
rum move ukr
ser move bul
sev support rum
sil move mun
smy move con
spa/sc move wes
stp support lvn move mos
tun move wes
tys support tun move wes
ukr move rum
vie move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army kie
build Fleet lvp
remove ukr
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move bla
bel hold
ber move sil
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
con move bul/sc
den hold
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move ukr
gas move mar
gre move aeg
hol hold
kie move ruh
lvp move iri
mid move wes
mos move war
mun move sil
naf move tun
nth hold
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pie move tus
rum support bul
sev move rum
sil move war
smy support con
spa/sc support mid move wes
stp move lvn
swe hold
tri move ser
tus move rom
tyr move ven
tys support wes move tun
vie move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul
bel support mar move bur
ber move sil
bla support rum
bud support gal move rum
bul support gal move rum
con support smy
den move hel
gal move rum
hol move bel
iri move mid
lvn support mos move war
mar move bur
mos move war
mun support ruh
naf support wes move tun
nth move eng
nrg move nat
nwy move stp
rom move tys
ruh support hol move bel
rum move bul
ser support gal move rum
sev hold
sil move war
smy move gre
spa/sc move mid
swe move nwy
tun move naf
tus support ven move rom
tys move nap
ukr support gal move rum
ven move rom
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel disband
tun move ion
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove ion
build Army kie
build Army par
remove sil
build Army tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
bel support mun move bur
ber move sil
bla move rum
bud move gal
bul move con
bur move bel
con support bla
eng move bre
hel hold
iri support nat move mid
kie move mun
lvn support stp move mos
mun move bur
naf move tun
nat move mid
nwy move nrg
par move bre
ruh support mun move bur
rum support ukr move sev
ser move bul
sev support bla
smy move gre
spa/sc move por
stp move mos
tri move tyr
tun move ion
tus hold
tys support tun move ion
ukr move sev
war move mos
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bur move mar
con move ank
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move smy
ank support smy move con
bel move pic
bla support smy move con
bul move con
bur support bel move pic
con move smy
eng support mid move bre
gal support rum
hel move nth
ion move nap
iri move mid
lvn move mos
mid move bre
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun support sil move boh
nrg move nth
par move bre
por move mid
rom support nap
ruh move bel
rum support ukr move sev
sev hold
sil move boh
smy move con
tun move naf
tyr move pie
tys support ion move nap
ukr move sev
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: fleet/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
remove naf
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank hold
bel move pic
bla support con move bul
boh support mun move tyr
bre hold
bul support rum
bur support pic move par
con move bul
eng support iri move mid
gal move sil
hel move nth
ion move gre
iri move mid
lon move wal
lvp move nat
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nrg move nth
par move bre
pic move par
pie move tyr
por move mid
rom support nap
rum support bul
sev move arm
spa move mar
tri support pie move tyr
tus move ven
tys move ion
ukr support mos move sev
vie move boh
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
par move gas
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
arm move ank
bla support con move bul
boh move mun
bre move gas
bul support rum
bur support par move gas
con move bul
eng support nat move mid
gal move rum
gas move spa
gre move ion
hel hold
ion move apu
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun move ber
nat move mid
nap move tys
par move gas
pic move par
por move mid
rom move nap
rum support bul
sev support gal move rum
sil move ber
smy move con
tri move bud
tyr support vie
ukr support gal move rum
vie support tyr
wal move iri
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul move gre
rum move ser
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove apu
remove arm
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
remove sil
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank hold
ber move sil
bla move rum
boh support mun move tyr
bud move rum
bul support bla move rum
bur move mar
con move bul/sc
eng move mid
gas support bur move mar
gre support con move bul
hel hold
ion move tun
iri support eng move mid
kie move ber
lon move eng
mid move spa/sc
mun move tyr
par move bur
pie move mar
por support spa
rum move bud
ser support con move bul
sev hold
spa support pie move mar
tys move tun
ukr move gal
ven move pie
vie support tyr
wes support mid move spa
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move sil
boh support mun move tyr
bud support vie
bur support mar
eng move mid
gal move vie
gas support mid move spa
gre support bul/sc
ion support tys move tun
iri support eng move mid
lon move eng
mid move spa/sc
mar hold
mun move tyr
pie move mar
por support spa
rum move bud
ser move rum
sil move war
spa support por
tyr move tri
tys move tun
ven move pie
vie support bud
wes support mid move spa
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove ion
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
remove por
build Army rom
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move vie
bud support vie
bul/sc move con
bur move mar
gal support boh move vie
gas hold
gre move bul
hel hold
iri move mid
mid move naf
mar move pie
mun support tyr
nap move apu
pie support tri move tyr
rom support ven
rum move bud
ser support gre move bul
sev move arm
sil move boh
spa/sc move gol
tri move tyr
tun move wes
tyr support boh move vie
ven support tri move tyr
vie support tri move tyr
war support gal
wes support mid move naf
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu support ven
arm move smy
boh support vie
bre move mid
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur move mar
con move smy
eng move bre
gal support rum move bud
gas hold
lon move eng
gol move tys
mid move por
mar move pie
mun move tyr
naf move tun
rom move tus
rum move bud
ser support bud move rum
tri move vie
tun move wes
tyr move tri
vie support tyr move tri
war support gal
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Germany: army/dislodged rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move ukr
tri move bud
tun move ion
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move smy
boh move vie
bre move mid
bud support ven move tri
bul support rum
bur move mar
con move smy
edi move nwy via convoy
eng move bre
gal move rum
gas hold
hel hold
ion move gre
lon move eng
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun support tyr
nrg convoy edi move nwy
por move spa/sc
rum support bud
ser support bud
tri move ven
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr support mar move pie
tys support tun move ion
ukr move sev
vie move bud
war move ukr
wes move gol
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
boh support vie
bre move gas
bul support rum
con move smy
eng move bel
gal move war
gas move mar
hel hold
ion support tys move nap
gol support spa/sc move mar
mid move spa/nc
mar move pie
mun support tyr
nrg move nth
nwy move swe
pie move ven
rom move nap
rum support bud
ser support bud
sev move rum
spa/sc move mar
tri move ser
tyr support pie move ven
tys move nap
ukr support sev move rum
ven move rom
vie move bud
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
England: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ven move apu
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
build Fleet edi
remove gas
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel support nth move hol
boh move gal
bre move pic
bud support rum
bul support rum
edi move nth
hel move nth
ion move eas
lon move eng
lvp move wal
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mun move bur
nap move rom
nth move hol
pie move mar
rom hold
rum support bud
ser support bud
sev move rum
spa/nc move mid
swe move den
tri support vie move bud
tyr move vie
tys move tus
ukr support sev move rum
ven support tri
vie move bud
war move mos
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
England: supply war
ORDERS
arm move smy
bel support edi move nth
bud move tri
bul support rum
bur move mar
den move kie
eas support arm move smy
edi move nth
eng convoy wal move bre
gal support vie move bud
gre move ion
hel move nth
hol support den move kie
gol move mar
mid move wes
mos move war
nap support tus move rom
pic support bel
pie hold
rom hold
ser support bud move tri
sev move rum
tri support vie move bud
tus move rom
tyr move vie
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tyr
vie move bud
wal move bre via convoy
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
Italy: army/dislodged rom
England: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
England: army smy
Austria: fleet/dislodged smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Germany: army/dislodged tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
rom move ven
smy move con
tri move alb
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Germany: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
England: army smy
England: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
