PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move eng
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move bla
bot move swe
bud move rum
bul move gre
con move bul
eng move bre
gal move vie
kie move hol
lvp move yor
mid move por
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
pie move mar
ruh move bel
ser support bud move rum
sev support ukr move rum
spa hold
tys move tun
ukr move rum
ven move pie
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army edi
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bla hold
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul move ser
con move bul
den move nth
gre support bul move ser
hol support ruh move bel
kie move hel
lon move nth
mar move gas
mun move bur
pic move bel
pie move mar
por move mid
ruh move bel
ser move bud
sev support ukr move rum
smy move aeg
spa hold
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri move ven
tun move wes
ukr move rum
ven hold
vie support war move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
nwy move ska
ser move alb
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel hold
bla support ser move rum
bul support ser move rum
bur move par
den support hel move nth
eng move bel
gal move bud
gas move spa
gre hold
hel move nth
hol support bel
lon move nth
mid move bre
mar support gas move spa
nwy support hel move nth
pic move par
ser move rum
sev support rum
ska move den
spa hold
swe move ska
ven move tri
vie support gal move bud
wes move mid
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bud move ser
rum move ukr
spa move por
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove alb
remove edi
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Army smy
build Army war
remove yor
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel hold
bla move sev
bre hold
bud support sev move rum
bul support rum
bur move par
den hold
eng move bre
gre move alb
hol support bel
ion support gre move alb
lon support ska move nth
mid move por
mar move gas
mos move sev
nap move ion
nth move edi
pic move par
por hold
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev move rum
ska move nth
smy move arm
spa support mid move por
ukr support sev move rum
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support tri
arm move sev
bel hold
bla support rum
bre hold
bud move rum
bul support rum
bur move par
eng move bre
gal support bud move rum
gas move bre
hol support bel
ion hold
lon move nth
mos support sev
nap hold
nth move edi
nwy support den move nth
pic move par
rom move ven
rum support arm move sev
ser support rum
sev hold
spa move mar
tri move ven
ukr support bud move rum
ven move tri
vie move bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove eng
build Fleet kie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support tri
arm support rum move sev
bla support rum move sev
bre move mid
bud move rum
bul move rum
bur move par
den move nth
edi support den move nth
gal support bud move rum
gas move bre
ion hold
kie move den
lon hold
mar move gas
mos support sev
nth move edi
nwy support den move nth
pic move par
por move mid
rom move ven
rum move sev
ser move bud
sev move bla
tri hold
ukr support bud move rum
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move yor
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
alb move ser
arm support sev
bel hold
bla support bul move rum
bre move mid
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur move par
edi support hol move yor
gal support vie move bud
gas support bur move par
hol move yor
ion move tun
lon support yor move nth
mar move gas
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nap hold
nth support hol move yor
nwy support nth
pic move par
por move mid
rom move ven
rum support mos move sev
sev support bul move rum
tri hold
ukr support rum
ven move tri
vie move bud
yor move nth
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
remove pic
build Fleet smy
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
arm support sev
ber move sil
bla support sev
bre hold
bud support rum move ser
bul support ser
con support bul
edi move yor
gal move vie
gas move bre
mos move sev
nap move ion
nth support edi move yor
par support gas move bre
por move mid
rom move ven
rum move ser
ser support bul
sev hold
smy move aeg
tri move adr
tun move ion
tyr support ven move tri
ukr support mos move sev
ven move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move ion
arm support sev
bel move ruh
bla convoy con move rum
bre hold
bud move tri
bul support ser
con move rum
den support nth
gal move war
hol move lon
lon hold
mid support bre
mar hold
mos support rum move sev
nap move ion
nth convoy hol move lon
rum move sev
ser support con move rum
sev support con move rum
tri hold
tun move tys
tyr move boh
ukr support rum move sev
ven move tyr
vie support bud move tri
yor support hol move lon
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Italy: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
lon move eng
tri move ven
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army ber
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
ber move pru
bla support rum
boh move gal
bul support rum
eng move bel
lon move wal
mos move lvn
nap move ion
nth support yor move lon
nwy move nrg
rom hold
ruh move bel
ser support rum
sil support ber move pru
smy move aeg
stp move fin
swe move bal
tri hold
tyr support ven move tri
tys support aeg move ion
ukr move gal
ven move tri
vie support tri
war move ukr
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bal move ber
bla support arm move sev
boh move sil
bre hold
bul move rum
eng move bel
fin move swe
ion move apu
lvn move pru
mid hold
mar hold
nap hold
nth move edi
nrg move nwy
pru support boh move sil
rom hold
ruh move hol
rum move bud
ser support tri
sil move ber
tri hold
tyr support ven move tri
tys support aeg move ion
ukr move gal
ven move tri
vie support tri
wal move lvp
war support lvn move pru
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sev move mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
remove mos
build Fleet smy
remove tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move nap
bal support swe move den
bel move nth
bla convoy con move sev
bre move pic
bud support ser move tri
con move sev
gal support war move sil
ion support apu move nap
nap hold
nwy move nth
pru support war move sil
rom hold
rum support bud
ser move tri
sev move ukr
smy move aeg
swe move den
tyr move vie
tys support apu move nap
ven move tri
vie move boh
war move sil
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move kie
bel move eng
boh move mun
bud support tri
den support bal move kie
edi move nrg
gal move boh
hol move bel
ion move nap
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mid move wes
mar move bur
nap move rom
nwy move nth
pic move bel
pru move ber
rom move nap
rum support bud
sev move mos
sil support pru move ber
tri support bud
tyr move tri
tys support nap move rom
ukr move war
ven move tri
vie support gal move boh
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
rom move apu
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove apu
build Army con
build Army smy
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move gre
ank move sev
bel move eng
ber support den move kie
bla convoy ank move sev
boh support sil move mun
bud support tri
bur support pic move bel
con move bul
den move kie
kie move hel
lon move nth
mos support war
nap move ion
nth move nwy
nrg support lon move nth
pic move bel
rom hold
rum move gal
sil move mun
smy move gre
tri support vie move tyr
tyr support ven move tri
tys move tun
ven move tri
vie move tyr
war support rum move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
aeg hold
bel hold
ber move kie
bla hold
boh support mun
bud support tri
bul move gre
bur move par
eng move bre
gre move apu
hel move den
hol support ruh move kie
ion convoy gre move apu
kie move ruh
mos move stp
mun support kie move ruh
nth move den
nwy move nth
rom hold
ruh move kie
sev move mos
tri support vie move tyr
tyr move mun
tys move tun
ven hold
vie move tyr
war support gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Italy: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
tyr move pie
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Army smy
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move gre
ank move sev
apu support tri move ven
ber support mun move kie
bla convoy ank move sev
boh move mun
bre move eng
bud move tri
bur move gas
con move bul
gal hold
gre move nap
hel support mun move kie
hol support kie
ion convoy gre move nap
kie hold
lon move nwy
mos move lvn
mun move kie
nth convoy lon move nwy
nrg support lon move nwy
nwy move nth
pie move tyr
rom move tys
smy move gre
stp hold
tri move ven
tun move wes
tyr support tri move ven
ven support pie move tyr
war hold
wes move tun
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move den
nwy move swe
ven move tus
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg hold
apu move rom
bel move pic
ber support mun move kie
bla hold
bul move ser
den support nwy move swe
eng move lon
gal move boh
gas move bre
gre move tun
hel support swe move den
hol move kie
ion convoy gre move tun
lvn move pru
mun move kie
nap support apu move rom
nth move lon
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
par move bre
pie move ven
sev move mos
stp hold
swe move den
tri support ven
tun move wes
tus support pie move ven
tyr move mun
tys support tun move wes
ven hold
war move sil
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Italy: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
remove tus
remove tyr
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber move mun
bla move con
boh support tri move tyr
con move bul
eng move bel
gas move bre
hel support den
hol move kie
ion move tys
kie support mun move ruh
mid hold
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move rom
nth support swe move den
nwy move ska
par move bur
pic move bre
pie move ven
pru move lvn
rom move tus
ser move tri
sil hold
stp move fin
swe move den
tri move tyr
tun move spa
tys move gol
ven support rom move tus
wes convoy tun move spa
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel hold
boh hold
bul move rum
bur move ruh
con move aeg
den move swe
fin move nwy
gas move bre
hel support kie move hol
hol support bur move ruh
ion hold
kie move hol
lvn support stp
gol convoy rom move mar
mid move spa/sc
mun move bur
nth support ska move den
pic move bel
pie move ven
rom move mar
ruh support kie move hol
sil hold
ska move den
spa hold
stp support fin move nwy
swe support ska move den
tri move ven
tus support ven move pie
tyr support ven move pie
tys convoy rom move mar
ven move pie
wes support spa
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Italy: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pic
Turkey: army pie
Italy: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move kie
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pic
Turkey: army pie
Italy: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
