PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar hold
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven hold
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
apu move ven
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur support edi move bel
den move swe
edi move bel via convoy
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
mar move spa
nth convoy edi move bel
nrg move nwy
ruh support kie move hol
ser support tri
stp move nwy
tri support ser
ukr move sev
ven hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Army edi
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move ven
bel support bur
ber move bal
bla support bul move rum
bot move swe
bre move mid
bul move rum
bur move par
con move bul
den move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
hol hold
ion move gre
mar move gol
mun move sil
nap support tun move ion
nth support edi move nwy
nrg convoy edi move nwy
por move spa/sc
ruh move mun
rum move bla
ser support bul move rum
sev support bul move rum
smy move aeg
spa move mar
stp move mos
tri support vie move tyr
tun move ion
ukr move sev
ven move tyr
vie move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu support ven
bal move swe
bel hold
bla support sev
bot move swe
bul move rum
den support bal move swe
gre hold
hol hold
ion support nap move tys
gol convoy mar move tus
mid move naf
mar move tus via convoy
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nap move tys
nth move nwy
nrg move bar
nwy move stp
par move bur
rum move gal
ser support gre
sev support bul move rum
sil move war
spa/sc move wes
tri support tyr
tyr support tri
ukr support mos move sev
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bot
build Fleet con
build Army edi
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
remove mos
remove ukr
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move eas
apu move rom
bar hold
bel hold
ber move sil
bur move par
con move aeg
den move hel
edi hold
gal support rum move ukr
gre move ion
hol move ruh
ion move tun
kie move mun
lon move nth
gol move tys
mun move boh
naf support wes move tun
nwy move nrg
rum move ukr
ser move bud
sev support rum move ukr
stp move mos
swe move den
tri move ven
tus support tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys support apu move rom
ukr move mos
vie support tyr
war support stp move mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ven move pie
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
bar convoy edi move stp
bel move nwy
boh support mun move tyr
bud support vie
den hold
eas move ion
edi move stp via convoy
gal move war
gre hold
hel move hol
ion support tys
gol move mar
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
naf support tun
nth convoy bel move nwy
nrg convoy edi move stp
par move bur
pie support rom move tus
rom move tus
ruh move mun
sev support ukr move mos
sil support war
tun hold
tus support ven
tyr support ven
tys support rom move tus
ukr move mos
ven support tyr
vie support tyr
war support mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
England: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ion move nap
mos move lvn
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Army par
remove pie
build Fleet tri
remove tus
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bar move stp/nc
bla convoy con move rum
boh support mun move tyr
bre move mid
bur move mar
con move rum via convoy
den move swe
gal move war
ion move apu
lvn support stp move mos
mar move gol
mun move tyr
naf move wes
nap move ion
nth move bel
nrg move nwy
nwy move fin
par move bur
sev support mos
stp move mos
tys move tun
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu support aeg move ion
bar move nwy
bel hold
boh move vie
bud support vie
bur support bel
fin move stp
gal move war
gre move ion
hol hold
lvn support stp move mos
gol move tus
mid move wes
mar move pie
nwy move ska
ruh move mun
rum move ukr
sev support mos
sil hold
stp move mos
tri move ven
tun support wes move tys
tyr support mar move pie
tys move rom
ven move rom
war support stp move mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army rom
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu support ion
bel hold
boh support sil move gal
bud support vie
bur move mar
fin move swe
gal move war
hol support bel
ion support apu
lvn move mos
mos support gal move war
mun hold
nap support rom
nwy support fin move swe
pie move ven
rom support nap
sev support mos
sil move gal
ska move den
stp support lvn move mos
tri support ven
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr support pie move ven
tys support tus move rom
ukr support gal move war
ven support pie move tyr
vie support pie move tyr
war support stp move mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe move ska
war move pru
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu support ion
bel move hol
bla move rum
boh move mun
bud support vie
den move kie
gal move sil
gre support ion
hol move bel
ion support apu
lvn hold
mar move bur
mos support war
mun move ruh
nap support rom
nwy move swe
pie support tus
pru move ber
rom support nap
sev support mos
stp support lvn
swe move den
tri support ven
tun move ion
tus support tys move rom
tyr support pie move ven
tys move rom
ukr support war
ven move tyr
vie hold
war hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
remove mun
remove ruh
remove sil
remove tyr
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
apu support ion
bel move hol
ber move kie
bud move vie
bur move mun
con move bul
den support kie
edi hold
gre support ion
hol move nth
ion support apu
kie support bel move hol
lon move nth
lvn hold
lvp move yor
mid move wes
mos hold
nap support rom
pie move tyr
rom support nap
rum move bla
sev support mos
ska support hol move nth
stp support lvn
swe move nwy
tri support ven
tun support tys
tus support tys move rom
tys move rom
ukr move war
ven support vie move tyr
vie move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu support ion
ber support tyr move mun
bla move con
den move swe
edi hold
gre support ion
hol support lon move nth
ion support apu
kie move den
lon move nth
lvn hold
mos move lvn
mun move sil
nap support rom
nth move bel
nwy move ska
pie move tyr
rom support nap
sev move mos
sil support tyr move mun
ska move swe
stp support lvn
tri move adr
tun move ion
tus support tys move rom
tyr move mun
tys move rom
ven support vie move tyr
vie move tyr
war support mos move lvn
wes move gol
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
mun move boh
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
remove ska
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
apu move nap
bel move eng
ber support mun move kie
boh move tyr
bul move rum
con move aeg
den support kie
edi hold
gre support ion
hol move bel
kie hold
lon hold
lvn hold
gol move spa/sc
mos hold
mun support vie move boh
nap move rom
nth move eng
nwy move swe
pie support boh move tyr
rom move tus
sev support mos
sil support war move gal
stp support lvn
tri move tyr
tun support tys
tus support tys move rom
tyr move pie
tys move rom
ven support rom move tus
vie move boh
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet/dislodged tus
France: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
tus disband
tyr move vie
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg move ion
apu move nap
bel move hol
ber move kie
boh move mun
den support kie
edi move bel via convoy
gal move war
gre support aeg move ion
hol support edi move bel
ion move tys
kie hold
lon hold
lvn move war
mos support gal move war
mun move bur
nap move rom
nth convoy edi move bel
pie move mar
rum move gal
sev support mos
sil move pru
spa/sc move gol
stp move mos
swe move bal
tri support vie move tyr
tun support tys
tus support nap move rom
tyr move pie
tys move rom
ven support vie move tyr
vie move tyr
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
Germany: fleet/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
bel move eng
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
remove ber
build Army edi
build Fleet smy
remove tus
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg move ion
bal support kie move ber
bel move pic
bur move par
den move kie
edi move lvp
eng move bre
gal move war
gre support aeg move ion
hol move bel
ion move nap
kie move ber
lon hold
lvn hold
mos move lvn
mun move bur
nap move rom
nth move eng
pru support mos move lvn
rom move tus
rum move ukr
sev move mos
smy move aeg
stp support lvn
tri move tyr
tyr move mun
ven support rom move tus
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg move ion
bal move pru
bel hold
ber support bal move pru
bre hold
bur move gas
eng convoy lon move bre
gre support ion
ion move tun
kie support ber
lon move bre
lvn move war
lvp move edi
mos support pru move lvn
mun support tyr
nap support rom move tys
par support bur move gas
pic support lon move bre
pru move lvn
rom move tys
sev support mos
stp move mos
tus move gol
tyr support ven move pie
ukr move war
ven move pie
war move sil
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
Germany: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
bre disband
tys move wes
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army tri
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg move ion
bel move nth
ber hold
bre support pic move par
con move bul
eng move mid
gas support pie move mar
gre support ion
ion move tun
kie support ber
lvn move war
gol support mar
mun move bur
nap support tys
par support mun move bur
pic move par
pie move mar
pru support ber
sev support mos
sil support ukr move war
stp move mos
tri move tyr
tun hold
tus move gol
tyr move mun
tys support tus move gol
ukr move war
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet/dislodged gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
Austria: supply par
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
gol move wes
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
Austria: supply par
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion
ber support pru
bre support par
bur move pic
edi move yor
gas support mar
gre support aeg move ion
ion move tun
kie support ber
lvn move war
gol move wes
mid move por
mar support gas
mos support war move lvn
mun move bur
nap move ion
nth move bel
par hold
pru hold
sev support mos
sil move pru
stp move mos
tyr move mun
tys support ion move tun
war move lvn
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: fleet/dislodged tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
tun move naf
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
remove naf
build Army vie
remove wes
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy bul move tun
bel move pic
ber support pru
bre move gas
bul move tun via convoy
bur support pic move par
edi hold
gas support pic move par
ion convoy bul move tun
kie support ber
lon move nth
lvn hold
lvp hold
gol move spa/sc
mar support gol move spa
mun hold
par move bur
pic move par
por move mid
pru hold
sev support mos
stp support lvn
tun move naf
tys move wes
vie move boh
yor hold
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
spa/sc move por
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: fleet por
England: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg move ion
ber support pru
boh move mun
bre hold
bur move bel
con move bul
edi move bel via convoy
gas move bre
gre support aeg move ion
ion move tys
kie support ber
lvn hold
lvp move yor
mid support bre
mun move ruh
naf move mid
nth convoy edi move bel
par support gas move bre
pic support edi move bel
por move spa/sc
pru hold
sev move ukr
sil support boh move mun
spa/sc move por
stp support lvn
war support mos
wes support naf move mid
yor move lon
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: fleet por
England: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
mid move eng
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet rom
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber support kie
bre support par
bur move pic
eng convoy lon move bel
kie support bel move hol
lon move bel via convoy
lvn hold
mid move por
mar move gas
mun support sil move ber
nth convoy yor move den
par support bre
pic support lon move bel
por move mid
pru move bal
rom move nap
ruh move kie
sil move ber
spa/sc support mid move por
stp support lvn
tri move ven
tun move naf
tys move wes
ukr support mos
vie move boh
war move pru
wes move mid
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army naf
Italy: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
England: fleet pic
Turkey: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal convoy den move ber
bel support hol move ruh
boh hold
bre support par move pic
bul move rum
bur support ruh
den move ber via convoy
eng move iri
gas support bre
hol move ruh
kie support den move ber
lvn hold
mid move nat
mun support ruh
nap hold
nth move hol
par move pic
pic move eng
pru move war
ruh hold
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp support lvn
ukr support mos
ven move pie
wes move mid
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Turkey: army/dislodged ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army naf
Turkey: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Austria: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army naf
Turkey: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Austria: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army lvp
build Army rom
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army naf
Turkey: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Austria: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support gre move ion
bal support ber move pru
bel support hol move ruh
ber move pru
boh support mun
bre support pic
bur move bel
edi move lvp
eng move mid
gas move mar
gre move ion
hol move ruh
ion move tys
iri support eng move mid
kie support hol move ruh
lvn support ber move pru
mid move eng
mun support ruh
nat move nrg
nth move nrg
pic support bur move bel
pie move ven
por support mid
pru support war
rom hold
ruh move hol
rum move gal
spa/sc support por move mid
stp move mos
ukr support mos
war support pru
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
England: army/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet/dislodged mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army naf
Turkey: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: army/dislodged pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army/dislodged ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
mid move gas
pru move sil
ruh move bur
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army naf
Turkey: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
bal move ber
bel support bur move ruh
boh support mun
bre support pic
bur move ruh
gal support war
gas move mid
hol move bel
ion move tys
iri support mid
kie move mun
lvn move war
lvp hold
mid hold
mos hold
mun support bur move ruh
nat move cly
nap move rom
nth move nrg
pic support bel
por support gas move mid
pru support lvn move war
rom move apu
ruh support kie move mun
sil move ber
spa/sc support gas move mid
stp hold
tys move wes
ukr support mos
war hold
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move nat
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army vie
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move rom
bel support bur move ruh
boh support mun
bre support pic
bur move ruh
gal move war
hol support ruh
ion move nap
iri move lvp
kie support pru move ber
lvn hold
lvp move edi
mid move eng
mun support bur move ruh
nat move cly
nrg support nat move cly
pic support bel
pru move ber
rom move tus
ruh hold
sil move ber
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp move mos
ukr support mos
ven support tys move rom
vie move tyr
war move pru
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army naf
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber move kie
boh support mun
bre hold
cly move nat
edi move yor
eng move lon
hol support ber move kie
kie move den
lvn move stp
lvp move wal
mar hold
mun support ruh move kie
nap support tys move rom
nrg move nth
pic move bur
por move mid
pru move ber
rom move nap
ruh move kie
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc move mar
stp move nwy
tus move tys
tyr support mun
tys move rom
ukr support mos
ven support tys move rom
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: army kie
England: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Turkey: supply por
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Austria: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
rom disband
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
Turkey: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Turkey: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
remove tys
build Army vie
remove yor
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
Turkey: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Turkey: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bel hold
boh support mun
bre hold
bud support vie
bur support bel
con move bul
den support hol move kie
hol move kie
kie support mun
lon move yor
mid move iri
mar hold
mun support kie
nat move iri
nap move ion
nth support wal move lon
nwy support stp
rom move tys
smy move aeg
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp hold
tri move ven
tyr support mun
ven move pie
vie support boh
wal move lon
war move lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
Turkey: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Turkey: fleet yor
ORDERS
bel move hol
boh support mun
bud move ser
bul move rum
bur support bel
con move bul
den support hol move kie
hol move kie
ion move gre
kie support bel move hol
lon hold
lvn support mos move stp
mos move stp
mun support kie
naf move tun
nat move iri
nth move edi
nwy support stp
pie move ven
spa/sc hold
stp hold
tyr support mun
ukr move war
ven move tri
vie move bud
wes support naf move tun
yor move nth
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
England: army/dislodged hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
Turkey: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
hol move ruh
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove tun
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
boh support mun
bud support ser
bur move bel
den hold
edi move nrg
hol support bur move bel
iri move eng
kie support hol
lon move yor
lvn support mos move stp
mid move nat
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun support kie
nth move nwy
nwy support stp
ruh move bur
rum move ukr
ser support gre
stp hold
tri move ven
tyr support mun
tys move nap
ven move pie
wes move mid
PHASE 1915 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bel support mar move bur
boh support mun
bud support ser
hol support bel
kie support hol
lvn move stp
mid hold
mar move bur
mun support kie
nat move lvp
nth move ska
pie move mar
ser support bud
spa/sc move mar
stp move fin
tyr support mun
ven move pie
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Fleet smy
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bel support hol
boh support mun
bud support ser
bul move rum
bur move gas
con move bla
den move swe
fin move swe
hol support bel
ion move tys
kie support mun
lvp move cly
mid move iri
mun support kie
nrg convoy nwy move cly
nwy move cly via convoy
pie move mar
ser support gre
ska support stp move nwy
smy move eas
spa/sc move mar
stp move nwy
tri move adr
tyr support mun
ven move pie
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move apu
bel support hol
ber support sil
bla move bul/ec
boh support mun
den move swe
eas move ion
fin move swe
gas support pie move mar
hol support kie
iri move eng
kie support mun
lvp move wal
mun support kie
nap move rom
pie move mar
sil support ber
ska support fin move swe
spa/sc hold
tyr move vie
tys move wes
ukr move war
ven move pie
war move pru
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet con
remove den
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
apu move adr
boh support vie move gal
bud support vie move gal
bul/ec support rum
con support bul/ec
eng hold
gas move spa
ion move tys
iri move eng
kie support mun
mar support gas move spa
mun support kie
pie move tyr
pru support ber
rom move nap
rum support bul/ec
sil support ber
ska support swe move den
smy move aeg
spa/sc hold
swe move den
vie move gal
wal support iri move eng
war support sil
wes move mid
yor hold
PHASE 1917 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
eng move pic
spa/sc move gol
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
England: fleet pic
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber support sil
bul/ec move bla
con move bul/ec
eng move lon
gol move mar
mid move por
nrg move bar
nwy move stp
pru support ber
rum move ukr
sil support ber
ska move nth
tys support aeg move ion
wal support eng move lon
war support rum move ukr
PHASE 1917 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
Turkey: supply lon
Turkey: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Turkey: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
England: fleet pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
