PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hel
lon hold
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
ven move tyr
vie move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hel
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla support gal move rum
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move bul/sc
gal move rum
hel move nth
ion move tun
kie move den
lon move yor
mid move eng
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
rom move ven
ruh move hol
ser move gre
smy move con
spa hold
tri move adr
ukr support gal move rum
ven move tyr
vie move tri
wal hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army bre
build Army edi
build Fleet kie
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet sev
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
bel hold
bla support sev move arm
bre move wal via convoy
bul move rum
con move aeg
den hold
edi move cly
eng convoy bre move wal
hol hold
kie move hel
mar hold
mun hold
nap move apu
nth move lon
nwy move ska
rum support ukr move gal
ser support bul move rum
sev move arm
smy move con
spa move por
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri support adr move ven
tun move ion
tyr support ven
ukr move gal
ven support tyr
vie move tyr
wal hold
yor move nth
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move sev
ven move pie
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
ank hold
apu support pie move ven
arm move ank
bla support gal move rum
bre move par
cly hold
con support ank
den hold
eng support lon
gal move rum
hel support den
hol hold
ion move adr
lon hold
mar move gol
mun hold
nth move hel
nwy support swe
rum move ukr
ser move gre
sev support gal move rum
ska move nwy
swe support nwy
tri move tyr
tyr move tri
vie support tri move tyr
wal move lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
England: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tyr move boh
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
England: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Army mar
build Army mos
remove pie
remove ska
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
England: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
ank hold
apu support adr move ven
bel move wal via convoy
boh move tyr
bud support vie move gal
bul/sc hold
cly hold
con support ank
den hold
eng convoy bel move wal
gre move ser
hel move nth
hol move kie
kie move bal
lon support bel move wal
gol move wes
mar hold
mun hold
par move pic
por move spa
tri move adr
tyr support vie
ukr move mos
ven support tri move adr
vie move gal
wal move lon
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
England: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Austria: fleet/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
England: army/dislodged wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ven move tri
wal move yor
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
England: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tyr move ven
ank hold
apu support ven
arm move ank
bal support den move swe
bla support rum
boh move tyr
bud move vie
cly hold
con support ank
den move swe
eng move iri
gal move war
kie move ber
lon move yor
mos move war
mun support boh move tyr
nth move nwy
nwy support swe
pic hold
rum hold
ser move rum
sev move mos
spa move tun via convoy
swe support nwy
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ukr support gal move war
ven move tri
wal move lvp
wes convoy spa move tun
yor move lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
England: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
swe move bot
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
England: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove bot
build Army bre
build Army bud
build Army kie
remove nwy
build Army par
remove yor
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
England: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank hold
apu move ion
arm support sev
bal move bot
ber move sil
bla support rum
bre hold
bud move rum
bul/sc hold
cly move lvp
con support ank
iri move mid
kie move mun
lon move nth
lvp support nth move edi
mar move pie
mos hold
mun move boh
nth move edi
par move gas
pic move bur
rum hold
ser move gre
sev support mos
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tun hold
tyr move tri
ukr move mos
ven move rom
vie move tri
war support ukr move mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
England: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank hold
apu move adr
arm move ank
bla support rum
boh support tyr move vie
bot support nwy move stp
bre move naf via convoy
bud support vie
bur move mar
cly move edi
con support ank
gas hold
lvp hold
mid convoy bre move naf
mos hold
mun move tyr
nth move nwy
nwy move stp
pie support mun move tyr
rom move nap
rum hold
sev support mos
sil move gal
tun move tus via convoy
tyr move vie
tys convoy tun move tus
ukr move war
ven move apu
vie hold
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
England: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
tyr move tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
England: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army ber
remove cly
build Army kie
build Army mun
remove rum
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
apu move nap
ber move pru
bla support sev
boh move gal
bot move bal
bud support vie
bul/sc move aeg
con move bul
edi move nth
gas move spa
gre move ser
ion move tys
kie move ber
lvp move yor
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun move boh
naf move tun
nap move rom
nwy hold
pie move ven
sev support mos move ukr
sil support boh move gal
stp support mos
tri support adr move ven
tus support pie move ven
tyr support pie move ven
tys move rom
ukr move rum
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move con
ank support aeg move con
apu support adr move ven
bal move den
ber move sil
bla move ank
boh support tri move vie
bud support vie
bul support rum
gal support tri move vie
ion move tys
nap move rom
nth convoy yor move bel
nwy move nrg
pie support ven
pru support sil move war
rum hold
ser move gre
sev support ukr move rum
sil move war
spa hold
stp move mos
tri support adr move ven
tun hold
tus move rom
tyr move tri
tys support tus move rom
ukr move rum
ven support tus move rom
war move gal
wes move gol
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
war move lvn
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove gre
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
remove sev
build Fleet smy
remove ukr
remove vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
apu support adr move ven
bel move bur
bla hold
boh move vie
bud move vie
bul move ser
con move bla
den move nth
gal support boh move vie
ion move tys
kie move hol
lvn move stp
gol move wes
mar move gol
mos move stp
mun move boh
nap move rom
nth move nrg
nrg move bar
pie move ven
pru move lvn
rum support bul move ser
sil move war
smy move aeg
tri move ven
tun hold
tus support tys move rom
tyr support ven move tri
tys move rom
ven move tri
war move mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move gre
ank move con
apu support adr move ven
bar move stp/nc
bla move bul/ec
boh move vie
bud move gal
bur move ruh
con move bul/ec
gal support vie move bud
hol move bel
lvn move stp
gol support wes move tys
mos move sev
nap support tys move rom
nth move eng
nrg move nat
pie support ven
pru move war
rom support tus
rum support con move bul
sil move boh
spa move mar
tri support adr move ven
tus support rom
tyr support boh move vie
tys move rom
ven support rom
vie move bud
war move mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet/dislodged tys
Italy: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
tys move ion
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove apu
build Army ber
remove bla
remove ion
build Army kie
remove lvn
build Army mun
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bar move nrg
bel support kie move hol
ber move kie
boh support tyr move vie
bud move rum
bul/ec move bla
con move bul
eng move bre
gal support bud move rum
gre move ion
kie move hol
gol move spa/sc
mar move gas
mos move ukr
mun support ber move kie
nat move lvp
pie move ven
rom support tun move nap
ruh move kie
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev support bud move rum
smy move con
tri support ser move bud
tun move nap via convoy
tus support pie move ven
tyr move vie
tys convoy tun move nap
ven support tri
vie move bud
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
Austria: army/dislodged nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: fleet/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
rum move ser
ven move adr
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
arm move sev
bel hold
bla support bul move rum
boh support vie
bre hold
bud hold
bul move rum
gal move bud
gas move bur
hol support kie move ruh
kie move ruh
lvp hold
mun support tyr
nrg move nat
rum support gal move bud
ser support bud
sev support rum
spa/sc move mid
tri support adr move ven
tus support ven
tyr support adr move ven
tys move tun
ukr support sev
vie support gal move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
France: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army/dislodged ven
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ven move pie
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army kie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank move sev via convoy
arm support ank move sev
bel move eng
bla convoy ank move sev
boh move vie
bre support bel move eng
bud hold
bur hold
gal move rum
hol move bel
kie move ruh
lvp move iri
mun support ruh move bur
nat support lvp move iri
nap move rom
pie move tyr
rom move tys
ruh move bur
rum support ank move sev
ser support bud
sev support gal move rum
sil move gal
tri support pie move tyr
tun move wes
tus move pie
tyr move pie
ukr support sev
ven support tri
vie move bud
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move gas
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move sev via convoy
arm support ank move sev
bel move pic
ber move sil
bla convoy ank move sev
boh move tyr
bre support eng move mid
bud hold
bur move par
con move bul/ec
eng move mid
gal move rum
gas move par
iri support eng move mid
mid move por
mun support boh move tyr
nat support eng move mid
pie move mar
rom move spa via convoy
ruh move bur
rum hold
ser support bud
sev support gal move rum
sil move war
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
tys convoy rom move spa
ukr support sev
ven support tri
vie move bud
wes convoy rom move spa
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
Germany: army/dislodged vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
vie move boh
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army par
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move sev via convoy
arm support ank move sev
ber move mun
bla convoy ank move sev
boh support tyr move vie
bre support mid move gas
bud move gal
bul/ec support rum
bur move par
gal support sev move rum
gas support par move bre
iri move mid
mid move gas
mar support gas
mun move tyr
nat support iri move mid
par move bre
pic support bur move par
por support wes move mid
ruh move bur
rum support ank move sev
ser support rum
sev move rum
sil move war
tri support vie
tyr move vie
tys move gol
ukr support sev move rum
ven support tri
war move mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm support sev
ber move sil
boh support gal
bre support bur move gas
bud move gal
bul/ec move rum
bur move gas
gal support boh
gas move bur
iri move eng
gol move pie
mid support bur move gas
mar support gas move bur
mos support ukr
mun support tyr
nat support mid
par support bur move gas
pic move bur
por support wes move mid
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
spa hold
tri support vie
tyr support boh
ukr support gal
ven support tri
vie hold
war support ukr
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army kie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm move sev
bla support rum
boh support gal
bre support par move gas
bud move gal
bul/ec move con
bur support gas move mar
eng move mid
gal support ukr
gas move mar
ion move tun
kie move ruh
mid move spa/nc
mar support spa
mos support ukr
mun support boh
nat support eng move mid
par move gas
pie support mar
por support spa
rum support sev move ukr
ser support rum
sev move ukr
sil support gal
spa support mar
tri move ven
tyr move pie
ukr support mos
ven move adr
vie support bud move gal
war support ukr
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
ank move con
arm support sev
bla support rum
boh support tyr move vie
bre support eng move mid
bud move gal
bur support mar
con move aeg
eng move mid
gal move bud
gas support mid move spa
mid move spa/nc
mar support mid move spa
mos support ukr
mun move tyr
nat support eng move mid
pie move gol
por support spa
ruh move mun
rum support bud move gal
ser support adr move tri
sev move ukr
sil support war move gal
spa support por
tun move naf
tyr move vie
ukr support mos
ven move tyr
vie support bud move gal
war move gal
wes support spa
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Germany: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
