PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
apu move tun via convoy
bot move swe
bul move gre
bur support eng move bel
con move bul
eng convoy wal move bel
gal move vie
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move hol
mid move spa/nc
nth move nwy
ruh move bel
ser support alb move gre
sev support ukr move rum
spa move por
tri support ser
ukr move rum
ven hold
wal move bel
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla move con
bud support tri move vie
bul move ser
bur move mar
con move bul
den support kie move bal
edi move nth
eng convoy wal move pic
gre move aeg
hol support ruh move bel
ion move eas
kie move bal
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move ion
nwy support edi move nth
ruh move bel
rum support vie move bud
ser support bul move rum
sev support rum
smy move aeg
spa/nc move mid
stp/sc move bot
tri move vie
ven move tyr
vie move bud
wal move pic
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel support hol
bla support bul move rum
bot support swe
bud support bul move ser
bul move rum
bur move mun
con move bul
den move nth
eas convoy tun move syr
eng support pic move bel
gal support bud
gre hold
hol support bel
ion convoy tun move syr
mid move wes
mar support par move bur
nth support pic move bel
par move bur
pic move bel
por move spa
rum support bud
ser move rum
sev support rum
swe support nth move den
tri support vie move bud
tun move syr via convoy
tyr support vie
ukr move war
vie move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move den
bel move bur
bla support bul move rum
bot support swe
bud support bul move ser
bul move rum
con move bul
den move hel
eas move ion
gal support bud
gre hold
hol support kie move ruh
ion move tys
kie move ruh
mun support bel move bur
rum support bud
ser support tri move bud
sev move bla
smy move aeg
swe support bot
syr move arm
tri move bud
tyr move pie
vie support tri move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
arm move ank
bla support bul move rum
bot support swe
bud support ser move rum
bul move rum
bur move par
con support bul
den support hel move nth
eng support pic move bel
gal move bud
gre hold
hel move nth
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tun
mun move bur
nth support pic move bel
nwy support nth
pic move bel
pie move tyr
ruh move bel
rum support gal move bud
ser move rum
sev support rum
swe support bot
tys move tun
ukr support sev
vie move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove con
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bla support gre move bul
bot move swe
bud hold
bul hold
bur support ruh move bel
den support hel move nth
eng support pic move bre
gal move boh
gre hold
hel move nth
hol support ruh move bel
ion move aeg
nap move ion
nth hold
nwy support nth
pic move bre
ruh move bel
rum support ukr move gal
ser support bul move rum
sev support rum
smy support ion move aeg
swe move ska
tri move tyr
tyr hold
tys support nap move ion
ukr move gal
vie support tri move tyr
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tyr move ven
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion move gre
bel move bur
bla move ank
boh move vie
bud support ser move rum
bul move ser
bur move gas
con move gre via convoy
den support hel
eng move nth
gal move bud
gre hold
hel support den
hol move bel
ion move gre
nth move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
rum support gal move bud
ser move rum
sev support rum
ska move nwy
smy move con
swe support ska move nwy
tyr support vie move boh
tys move gol
ven move tri
vie move boh
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: army/dislodged boh
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move sil
gre disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
remove ser
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move smy
ank move bla
bel move hol
boh support tyr move mun
bre hold
bud hold
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move smy via convoy
edi support nth
eng support bre
gal move bud
gas support bur move mar
gre move alb
hel move hol
gol support mar
nap move ion
nth support stp/nc move nwy
nwy support swe
rom move tys
rum support gal move bud
sev move bla
sil support mun
smy move con
stp/nc move nwy
swe move ska
tri move ser
tyr move mun
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move nrg
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move tri
ank move bla
bel move hol
boh move mun
bud move gal
bul move rum
bur move bel
con support ank move bla
den support hel move nth
edi hold
eng support bre
gal move vie
gas support par move bre
hel move nth
ion move tun
gol support mar
nth move nwy
nrg support hel move nth
nwy move swe
par move bre
rum move bud
ser move bul
sev move rum
sil support mun
ska support hel move nth
smy support aeg move con
tyr move mun
tys support ion move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
con disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove boh
remove gal
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
build Fleet nap
remove tyr
build Army ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
bla support bul move rum
bud move rum
bul move rum
den support ska move swe
edi support lon move nth
eng support bre
gas support par move bre
hol move bel
lon move nth
lvp support edi
gol support tys move wes
mun hold
nap move ion
nth move eng
nrg move nwy
nwy support lon move nth
par move bre
ser support bul move rum
sev support bud move rum
sil move boh
ska support nrg move nwy
smy move ank
swe support nwy
tun move naf
tys move wes
ven support tri
vie move bud
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
nth move hel
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bla move rum
boh move tyr
bre support gas
bud support rum move ser
con hold
den support ska move swe
edi move nrg
eng move bel
gas support spa
hel support den
ion move aeg
lvp move yor
gol move pie
mun support boh move tyr
naf move mid
nth support bel move hol
nrg move nwy
nwy move ska
pic support bel
rum move ser
ser move bud
sev move rum
ska move swe
swe move den
tri hold
ven support tri
vie support bud
wes move gol
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Italy: army/dislodged ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ser move bul
swe move bal
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove eng
build Fleet kie
build Army mos
build Army war
remove yor
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul
arm move sev
bal move den
bel move hol
bla move bul/ec
bud support vie move tri
bul support ser move rum
con move bla
den support hel move nth
gas support mar
hel move nth
kie support den
gol move spa/sc
mid support gol move spa
mos support sev
mun move ber
nth support ska
nrg support nth
nwy support hel move nth
pic move bel
ser support bla move bul
sev support bla
ska support nth
swe support nwy
tyr support vie move tri
ven support tri
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: fleet/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move adr
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg move con
arm support con move ank
bal support ska move swe
ber move kie
bla move con
bud move rum
bul move ser
con move ank
den move ska
gas support mar
hel move nth
hol move kie
kie move den
mid move por
mos move stp
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy support swe
ser move gre
sev support bud move rum
ska move swe
swe support kie move den
tri hold
tyr support tri
ukr support sev
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move bar
swe move bot
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove gre
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move bul/sc
ank move bla
arm move sev
bal support swe
bar support stp move nwy
bel move yor
ber move kie
bla move bul/ec
bot move swe
bre move gas
den support nth
gas move bur
hol move kie
lon move nth
nap move ion
nth convoy bel move yor
nrg move edi
nwy move ska
pie move mar
por move mid
rom move tus
rum move ser
ser move rum
sev move arm
ska support nth
spa/sc support pie move mar
stp move nwy
swe support nwy move ska
tri support rum move ser
tyr support tri
ukr move rum
ven support adr move tri
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
nwy move nrg
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move con
ank move bla
arm move sev
bal support swe move den
bar support nwy
ber move kie
bla move bul/ec
bot move swe
bur move mar
den support bot move swe
edi move nth
gas support bur move mar
hol move kie
ion move gre
lon support edi move nth
mid move eng
mar support tus move pie
nth move lon
nrg move cly
nwy support bot move swe
rum support bla move bul
ser move rum
sev hold
ska support den
spa/sc support mar
swe move den
tri move bud
tus move pie
tyr move vie
ukr move gal
ven support adr move tri
yor move lvp
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move nrg
swe move fin
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
remove fin
remove lon
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bar support nrg
ber move kie
bla move rum
bud support rum move ser
bur support hol move bel
cly support nth move edi
con move bul/ec
den move hel
eng move bre
gal move rum
gas move bre
gre support con move bul
hol move bel
lvp support nwy move cly
mos support sev
mun move tyr
nap move tys
nth move edi
nrg convoy nwy move cly
nwy move cly via convoy
pie support ven move tyr
rom move ven
rum move ser
ser move bud
sev support gal move rum
ska move den
spa/sc support mar
swe move nwy
ven move tyr
vie support mun move tyr
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Russia: army cly
England: fleet/dislodged cly
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Italy: army/dislodged ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
cly move nat
ser move alb
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Russia: army cly
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ser
arm move sev
bar move nrg
bla support bul/ec move rum
bud support gal move rum
bul/ec move rum
bur move mar
cly support nrg move edi
den move nth
edi support nat move cly
eng move lon
gal move rum
gas move bre
gre move ion
hel support den move nth
kie move mun
lvp support nrg move edi
mos support sev
mun move tyr
nrg move edi
nwy support den move nth
pie support ven move tyr
rom move ven
ser support gal move rum
sev support gal move rum
spa/sc move mid
tys move wes
ven move tyr
vie support mun move tyr
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Russia: army cly
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
edi disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Russia: army cly
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove nat
build Army nap
build Army war
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Russia: army cly
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ser
arm move sev
bel move bur
ber move sil
bla support bul/ec move rum
bre support bur move gas
bud support gal move rum
bul/ec move rum
bur move gas
edi move yor
gal move rum
hel move hol
ion convoy nap move gre
kie move mun
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mid move nat
mos support sev
mun move tyr
nap move gre via convoy
nth support edi move yor
nrg move nat
nwy move nrg
pie support ven move tyr
rom move apu
ser support gal move rum
sev support gal move rum
ven move tyr
vie support mun move tyr
war move ukr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Italy: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Russia: army cly
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
alb move tri
apu move alb via convoy
arm move bul via convoy
bla convoy arm move bul
bud support ser
bul/ec move con
bur move pic
eng move bel
gal support ukr move rum
gas support bre
gre move ser
hol move bel
ion convoy apu move alb
kie move mun
mid move nat
mos support sev
mun move tyr
nth support hol move bel
nrg move nat
nwy move nrg
pie support ven move tyr
ser support ukr move rum
sev support ukr move rum
sil move boh
spa/sc support mar
tri move adr
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
vie support mun move tyr
wal support yor move lon
yor move lon
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Russia: army cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
remove ion
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Russia: army cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb support gre move ser
bel support nth move eng
ber move kie
bla move arm
boh support mun move tyr
bud support ser
bul support gre move ser
cly move lvp
con move bla
eng move bre
gal support sev move rum
gas support bre
gre move ser
kie move ruh
lon support nth move eng
mid move por
mar move gol
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nth move eng
nrg move cly
nwy move nrg
pic support bel
pie move mar
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move rum
spa/sc support pie move mar
tri move bud
ven move pie
vie move tri
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: fleet/dislodged eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move mid
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ser
arm move sev
bel move pic
bla support arm move sev
boh move tyr
bre support gas
bud support tyr move tri
bul support ser
cly support nrg move nat
eng move iri
gal support sev move rum
gas support bre
ion move tun
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
gol support mar
mos move sev
nrg move nat
pic move bur
pie support tri move ven
por support mid
ruh support pic move bur
rum move ser
sev move rum
spa/sc support mid
tri move ven
tyr move tri
vie support tyr move tri
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: fleet sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: fleet sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
alb support ser
ber move sil
bla support sev
bre support bur move gas
bud support rum
bul support ser
bur move gas
cly support nat
eng move mid
gal support rum
gas move spa
hol move bel
iri support eng move mid
gol support mar
mos move ukr
nat support eng move mid
nap move ion
pic move eng
pie support ven
por support mid
ruh move bur
rum support mos move ukr
ser support bud move tri
spa/sc support mid
tri move ven
tun move wes
tyr support tri move ven
ven support bud move tri
vie support tri
yor move edi
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Italy: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: fleet sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move naf
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: fleet sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support ser
bel move pic
bla support sev
bre move par
bud support rum
bul support ser
bur move mar
eng support mid
gal support rum
gas move spa
ion move aeg
iri support mid
gol support mar
mid support gas move spa
naf move mid
nat support mid
pie support ven
por support spa/sc
ruh move mun
rum support bud
sil move boh
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ukr support rum
vie support tri
wes support spa/sc
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: fleet sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mos
remove wal
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: fleet sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb support ser
bla support sev
boh move tyr
bud support rum
bul support ser
bur move mar
cly move nrg
eng support mid
gal support rum
gas support bur move mar
iri support mid
gol support mar
mos move sev
mun support boh move tyr
naf move mid
nat support mid
par support gas
pic move bre
pie support ven
por support spa/sc
rum support mos move sev
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ukr support rum
vie support tri
wes support spa/sc
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: fleet sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
