PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
con move bul
kie move den
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev hold
smy move con
stp/sc move fin
ven move pie
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla hold
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul
den move swe
eng move nth
fin move swe
ion move tun
kie move hol
pic move bel
pie move mar
sev move rum
spa move mar
stp move fin
ven move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Army bre
build Army con
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber hold
bla move con
bre move par
bul move ser
bur move mar
con move bul
den move swe
fin move swe
gre move alb
hol move bel
mun move sil
nap move apu
nth move nwy
pic move bel
pie move mar
sil hold
smy move aeg
spa move por
stp move fin
tun move ion
ven move tri
war move pru
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move tri
apu move ion
ber move pru
bul support aeg move gre
bur move mar
con move aeg
den move swe
fin move swe
hol move bel
ion move eas
mun move sil
nwy move nth
pic hold
pie move mar
por move spa
pru hold
ser support alb move tri
sil hold
stp move fin
ven support tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move ion
alb move tri
bel hold
ber move bal
bul hold
bur move mar
den move swe
eas move ion
fin move swe
gre move ion
ion move adr
kie move ber
mun move sil
nth move nwy
par move gas
pie move tyr
pru support sil move ber
ser support alb move tri
sil move ber
smy move eas
spa move por
stp move nwy
ven support tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg support ion
alb move nap via convoy
bal support den move swe
bel hold
ber move mun
bul hold
den move swe
eas move aeg
fin move bot
gas move bur
ion convoy alb move nap
kie support sil move mun
mar hold
nth move eng
por move spa
pru move war
ser support tri
sil move mun
smy move eas
stp support nth move nwy
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bur
build Army con
remove eas
build Army mos
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg convoy con move apu
bal move swe
bul move ser
con move apu via convoy
eng convoy pic move wal
ion convoy con move apu
kie move ber
mos move stp
mun support kie move ber
nap support con move apu
pic move wal via convoy
rum move sev
ser move alb
smy move eas
spa move por
stp move nwy
swe move nwy
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: army/dislodged ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support apu move ven
aeg move ion
alb move tri
apu move ven
bal move swe
bot move swe
eas move aeg
eng support wal move lon
gal support ser move bud
ion move tun
mar move pie
mos move lvn
mun move boh
nap move rom
pru move ber
ser support alb move tri
stp move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
wal move lon
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: army por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army ank
build Army bre
build Army con
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
build Army par
remove sev
build Fleet smy
remove vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move con
bal move swe
bel hold
ber hold
boh move vie
bre move wal via convoy
con move bul
eng convoy bre move wal
gal support ser move bud
ion move tys
kie move den
lon move yor
lvn move war
mun move tyr
par move bur
pie support mun move tyr
por move spa
pru support lvn move war
rom support ven
ser move bud
smy move aeg
stp move nwy
swe move nwy
tri support ser move bud
tun move wes
tyr support tri move vie
ven hold
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support den move swe
ber move sil
bot move bal
bud support gal move vie
bul move gre
bur move mar
con move bul
den move swe
eng move nth
gal move vie
ion move tys
pie support tyr move ven
pru support war move sil
rom support ven
stp move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move tyr
tyr move ven
tys move gol
ven support tri move tyr
wal move lvp
war move sil
wes move mid
yor support wal move lvp
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: army/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Germany: army/dislodged tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Germany: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
tyr move mun
vie move boh
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
remove bal
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
bel move ruh
ber hold
boh support mun move tyr
bot move bal
bud move gal
bul move ser
con move bul
den move swe
gre move alb
ion move tys
lvp move edi
gol move spa/sc
mid support gol move spa
mun move tyr
nth move nwy
par move bur
pie support mun move tyr
pru move ber
rom move tus
sil support pru move ber
smy move aeg
spa hold
stp move fin
swe move nwy
tyr move pie
tys move wes
ven support tyr move pie
vie move boh
war support sil
yor support lvp move edi
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
ber move kie
spa move gas
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
bal support fin move swe
ber hold
boh support tyr
bre move mid
bul move ser
bur move mar
den move swe
fin move swe
gal support vie
gas support mar move spa
kie hold
mid move por
mar move spa
nth convoy yor move nwy
pie move mar
ruh move mun
ser move bud
sil support ber
spa/sc support pie move mar
swe move nwy
tus move pie
tys move gol
ven support alb move tri
vie hold
war support sil
wes support spa/sc
yor move nwy
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
swe disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Army mos
build Army sev
build Army smy
remove yor
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bal move swe
boh support mun move sil
bud support gal
bur move mar
con move bul
den move bal
edi move nwy
gal hold
gas support mid move spa
ion move tys
kie move ber
gol move wes
mid move spa/sc
mar hold
mos move ukr
mun move sil
nth convoy edi move nwy
pie support ven move tyr
por support wes move mid
ser support tri
sev move rum
sil support mun
smy move con
spa/sc support mar
swe move nwy
tri support ven move tyr
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Germany: army/dislodged tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
sil move pru
spa/sc move gol
tyr move mun
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal convoy ber move swe
ber move swe via convoy
boh support vie move tyr
bud support tyr move vie
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move bul
den hold
gal move ukr
gas support spa/sc
kie move ber
gol support wes move spa
mid support mar move gas
mar move gas
mun support vie move tyr
nth move eng
pie move mar
por support mid
pru move war
ser support bul move rum
sil support kie move ber
spa/sc hold
swe move fin
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
tys move wes
ukr move sev
vie move tyr
war move ukr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gas
France: army/dislodged gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Fleet con
remove fin
build Fleet kie
build Army par
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
ber move pru
boh support mun move tyr
bud move vie
bul move ser
bur support par move gas
con move aeg
den support kie move bal
edi move yor
eng support bre
gal move boh
gas hold
kie move bal
gol support pie move mar
mid move nat
mun move tyr
par move gas
pie move mar
por hold
pru move lvn
rum support arm move sev
ser move bud
sil support ber move pru
spa/sc move mid
swe move nwy
tri support bud move vie
tyr move pie
ukr support war move gal
vie support war move gal
war move gal
wes support spa/sc move mid
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet/dislodged bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army/dislodged gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
bal move ber
gas move spa
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal move ber
boh support tyr
bud support vie
den move swe
eng move mid
gol support mar
mid move iri
mar support spa move gas
nat support mid move iri
pie move ven
por move mid
pru support bal move ber
rum hold
ser support rum
sev hold
sil move war
spa move gas
tri support vie
tyr support boh
vie hold
wes support por move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Russia: fleet/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gas
France: army/dislodged gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
gas disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
