PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move pie via convoy
mos move sev
mun move ber
par move pic
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move lvn
tri move alb
vie move boh
war move sil
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ber support kie move mun
bla move sev
boh move tyr
bul move gre
con move bul
eng move nth
hol hold
kie move mun
lvn move bal
nth move den
nrg move nwy
pic move bur
pie move ven
rum move sev
ser move bul
sev move arm
sil move mun
yor move lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Fleet lvp
build Army sev
build Army smy
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ion
ank move arm
arm move smy
ber move sil
bla support ank move arm
bur move bel
con move bul
den support edi move nth
edi move nth
gre support con move bul
hol move bel
kie move pru via convoy
lvp move iri
mun support ber move sil
nth move nwy
nwy move swe
pie move ven
rum move bla
ser move gre
sev support arm
sil move pru
tyr move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move ank
bal support pru move ber
bla move con
bul hold
bur move bel
gre hold
hol move bel
iri move mid
kie move ber
lon move yor
mun move bur
nth move nwy
nwy move ska
pie move ven
pru move ber
rum move bla
sev move arm
sil support kie move ber
smy move con
swe support nth move nwy
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank hold
arm move syr
bal move ber
bla move sev
bul move con
bur move mar
den support lon move nth
gre move bul
hol move bel
kie move ber
lon move nth
mid move bre
mun move ruh
nwy support swe move ska
pie hold
pru support war move sil
rum move sev
ser move bul
sil support kie move ber
ska move nth
smy move con
swe move ska
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
sil move mun
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
bal support pru move ber
bel hold
bla move sev
bre support nth move eng
bul move rum
den move hel
kie move ber
mar move pie
mun support kie move ber
nth move eng
nwy move nth
pie move tus
pru move ber
ruh move bur
rum move sev
sil move boh
ska move den
smy move con
syr move arm
yor move lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
arm move ank
bal support pru move ber
bel move pic
ber hold
bla move sev
boh move vie
bre move mid
bul move con
bur move par
eng convoy lon move bre
gre move bul
hel move hol
kie support ber
lon move bre via convoy
lvp move iri
mun hold
nth support hel move hol
pie support tus move ven
pru move ber
rum move sev
smy support arm move ank
tus move ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: army pie
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: army pie
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bal move swe
ber hold
bre hold
den hold
eng support bre
hol support nth move bel
iri move mid
kie move hol
mid move spa/nc
mun move tyr
nth move bel
par hold
pic move bel
pie move tus
pru move ber
rum move bla
smy support ank move con
ven hold
vie move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Fleet sev
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber hold
bre hold
con move bul
den support nth move ska
eng support hol move bel
gal move boh
hol move bel
kie move ruh
lon move nth
mid support bre
nth move ska
par hold
pic move bel
pru move ber
rum move bla
sev support rum move bla
smy move ank
spa/nc move por
swe move nwy
tus move rom
tyr move pie
ven support tus move rom
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bla
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel support bre move pic
ber support ruh move mun
bla support con move bul
boh move mun
bre move pic
con move bul
den move kie
eng support bre move pic
mid move bre
nth move nwy
nwy hold
par move bre
pic support par move bre
pie move mar
pru move ber
rom hold
ruh move mun
sil support pru move ber
ska support nth move nwy
ven move apu
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move nrg
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army mos
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
apu move nap
bel move hol
ber support sil move mun
bla move con
boh move vie
bul move gre
edi support ska move nth
eng convoy lon move bre
kie support bel move hol
lon move bre via convoy
lvp move nat
mid move wes
mar move spa
mos move lvn
nrg move bar
nwy move swe
par move bur
pic support lon move bre
por move spa/sc
rom support apu move nap
ruh move mun
sev move bla
sil move mun
ska move nth
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: army nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bar move nwy
ber move kie
bla move con
bre move par
con move aeg
edi move nth
eng support pic move bel
gal move bud
hol support kie
kie hold
lvn move pru
mun support ber move kie
nat move nrg
nap hold
nth move nwy
pic move bel
por move spa/sc
rom move ven
stp/sc move bot
swe support nth move nwy
vie support gal move bud
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Army lvp
build Army mos
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bar move nwy
bel support par move bur
ber move kie
bot move fin
bud support vie move tri
con move aeg
edi move nth
eng convoy lon move pic
gre move ser
hol support kie
kie hold
lon move pic via convoy
lvp move wal
mos move stp
mun support ber move kie
nap move rom
nth move den
nrg move bar
nwy support nrg move bar
par move bur
pru support ber
sev move mos
spa/sc move mar
stp/sc move lvn
swe hold
tun move ion
ven hold
vie move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bar move stp/nc
bel support bur move ruh
ber move kie
bud move ser
bur move ruh
con move aeg
den move bal
eng convoy wal move pic
fin move bot
gre move alb
hol support kie
kie hold
lvn move bal
mar hold
mos move stp
mun move tyr
nth move den
nwy support bar move stp
pic move bur
pru support ber
rom move ven
sil move mun
stp move fin
swe support den move bal
tri support bud move ser
tun move ion
ven move tyr
wal move pic via convoy
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army sev
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move apu
bal move bot
bel move hol
ber support sil move mun
bot support fin move stp
bur move mar
den move ska
eng move mid
fin move stp
gre support aeg move ion
hol move nth
ion move tun
kie hold
lvn support bot move stp
lvp move iri
mar move gol
mos support lvn move stp
mun move boh
nwy support stp/nc
pic move bur
pru support ber
rom move ven
ruh support kie
ser move tri
sev move ukr
sil move mun
stp/nc hold
swe support bal move bot
tri move ven
ven move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
ber move kie
boh support mun move tyr
bot support swe move fin
bur hold
fin move swe
gre move ion
hol move kie
ion move nap
iri move mid
kie move bal
lon move bel via convoy
lvn move pru
gol move tys
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun move tyr
nth convoy lon move bel
nwy support stp/nc
pru move lvn
rom move ven
ruh support hol move kie
ser move bud
sil move ber
ska move den
stp/nc hold
swe move fin
tri move ven
tun support gol move tys
tyr move vie
ukr support mos
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army sev
build Army war
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move apu via convoy
bal support bot move lvn
bel move bur
ber move mun
boh move tyr
bot move lvn
bud move vie
bur move mun
den support kie
fin move stp/sc
ion move adr
kie support bur move mun
mid move wes
mos support lvn
nth move eng
nwy support fin move stp
pie move ven
pru support ber
rom move nap
ruh support bur move mun
sev move ukr
sil support ber move mun
stp/nc move bar
tri support bud move vie
tun move ion
tyr move ven
tys support tun move ion
ukr move gal
vie move bud
war support lvn
wes move gol
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tyr move ven
alb move gre
bal support kie move ber
bar move nrg
ber support sil move mun
boh support sil move mun
bot move lvn
bur support mun
den move kie
eng move mid
ion move aeg
kie move ber
gol move tus
mos support lvn
mun support kie move ber
nap move ion
nwy support stp/sc
pie move ven
pru support ber
rom move nap
ruh support mun
sil move mun
stp/sc support bot move lvn
tyr move ven
tys move ion
ukr support mos
war support lvn
wes move tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
England: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move smy
bal support bot move lvn
ber support sil move mun
boh support vie move tyr
bot move lvn
bur support mun
den move nth
gal move vie
kie support mun
mid move wes
mos support lvn
mun hold
nrg move nat
nwy support stp/sc
pie move ven
pru support ber
rom move nap
ruh support mun
sev move bla
sil move mun
stp/sc support bot move lvn
tri support ven
tus move rom
tys support tus move rom
ukr support mos
vie move tyr
war support lvn
wes move tun
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
England: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move nap
bal support kie move ber
ber support sil move mun
bla move con
boh support sil move mun
bot move lvn
bur support mun
gre move bul
kie move ber
lon move hol via convoy
lvn support mos move stp
mos move stp
mun support kie move ber
nat move mid
nap move ion
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy support stp/sc
pie move ven
pru support ber
rom support tys move nap
ruh support mun
sil move mun
smy move con
stp/sc support bot move lvn
tri support ven
tun move ion
tyr support ven move pie
tys move nap
ukr move sev
ven move pie
vie move tyr
war support lvn
wes move gol
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Russia: army pie
England: army/dislodged pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
England: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
pie move mar
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet smy
England: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
