PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move ven
ven move tri
vie move gal
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu move gre via convoy
bla support bul move rum
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur move mun
con move bul
gal move war
hol support ruh move bel
ion convoy apu move gre
kie move den
mid move por
nth hold
nrg move nwy
ruh move bel
rum hold
ser move bul
sev support rum
spa hold
tri move ven
ukr move war
ven move tri
yor hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army bre
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
ber move mun
bla support bul move rum
bre move pic
bul move rum
con hold
gal hold
gre support ser move bul
ion move aeg
kie support ber move mun
lon hold
mar move bur
mos hold
mun move ber
nap move ion
nth hold
nwy move ska
par support mar move bur
por move mid
rum support ser move bul
ser move alb
sev support rum
spa move mar
tri move alb
ukr support war move gal
ven move tri
vie support gal
war move gal
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul
arm move sev
bel support hol
bla support arm move sev
bul support gal move rum
bur move bel
con move smy
gal move rum
gre move bul
hol support bel
ion move eas
kie support den
lon move nth
mid hold
mar support par move bur
mos support sev
mun move ruh
nth move den
par move bur
pic support bur move bel
ruh move hol
rum support gre move bul
ser support gal move rum
ska support nth move den
tri move alb
ukr support rum
ven move tri
vie move tri
war move gal
yor hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bul move con
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army ber
build Army rom
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
alb move ion
bel support nth move hol
ber move kie
bla support con move bul
bul move ser
bur support ruh move mun
con move bul
eas move smy
gal support ser move rum
hol move nth
kie move ruh
lon move nth
mid hold
mar hold
mos move sev
mun support kie move ruh
nth move hol
pic hold
rom move ven
ruh move mun
rum move bla
ser move rum
sev move arm
ska support lon move nth
smy hold
ukr support war move gal
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move gal
yor hold
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
gal move vie
hol move hel
mun move ber
smy disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
arm move ank
bel move ruh
ber move mun
bla support con
bud move tri
bul move ser
bur support mun
con hold
gal move vie
hel move hol
hol hold
ion move tun
kie support ber move mun
mid hold
mar hold
mun hold
nth support hol
pic hold
ruh support ber move mun
rum move bla
ser move bud
sev support rum
ska hold
smy support aeg move con
tyr support gal move vie
ukr move gal
ven support ser move tri
vie move bud
yor hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
vie disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove bla
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
remove hel
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
remove ruh
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move ruh
ber move mun
bre move mid
bud move tri
bul support ser move rum
bur support mun
con move bla
gal move bud
hol hold
kie support den
lon hold
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun support bel move ruh
nth support ska move den
pic move bel
rom move tus
rum move bla
ser support bud move tri
sev move rum
ska move den
smy move con
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri move vie
tun move ion
tyr move boh
ven move tyr
vie support gal move bud
war move sil
yor move lvp
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bel hold
ber move mun
boh support sil move mun
bud support boh move vie
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move aeg
gal move bud
hol hold
ion move tun
kie support ber move mun
lon move nth
lvp hold
mid hold
mun move kie
nap move tys
nth move nrg
nwy support swe move ska
pie hold
ruh support mun move kie
rum move bla
ser move rum
sev move rum
sil support ber move mun
ska hold
smy move eas
swe move ska
tri support boh move vie
tus move gol
tyr move ven
vie support gal move bud
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move ber
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove boh
build Army mos
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bel hold
ber move kie
bla convoy con move rum
bud support bul move ser
bul move ser
bur support ruh move mun
con move rum via convoy
den support ber move kie
eas move ion
hol move nth
ion move adr
kie support ruh move mun
lvp hold
gol move wes
mid move spa/sc
mos move war
mun support ber move kie
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy support ska move nth
pie move mar
ruh move mun
ser support tri move bud
sev support con move rum
sil support mun
ska move nth
stp/nc support nwy
tri move bud
tys move nap
ven move tri
vie move tri
war move pru
wes support mid move spa
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nth move lon
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
bel hold
bla move con
bud support ven move tri
bul move ser
bur support ruh move mun
den support kie
gre hold
hol move nth
ion move tun
kie support mun
lon support hol move nth
lvp move edi
gol move mar
mar hold
mun support kie
nap move tys
nth move lon
nrg support lvp move edi
nwy support stp/nc move bar
pru hold
ruh move mun
rum support bul move ser
ser move bud
sev move ukr
sil support mun
spa/sc move gol
stp/nc move bar
tri move ven
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
war move gal
wes support spa/sc move gol
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet/dislodged gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gol move pie
nth move eng
ser disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army ber
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar move nrg
bel hold
ber support mun
bud support ser move tri
bur move mun
edi move lvp
eng move lon
gal move vie
gre move alb
kie move hol
lon hold
gol move tys
mar move pie
mun move ruh
nap move ion
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy support bar move nrg
pie move gol
pru support sil
rom move tys
ruh support bur move mun
ser move tri
sil support mun
tri hold
tun move naf
tys move tun
ukr move gal
ven support ser move tri
vie move tyr
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move kie
nwy move stp/nc
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ion
bel move hol
ber move mun
bud hold
con hold
eng move bre
gal support sil
hol support kie move ruh
ion move nap
kie move ruh
lvp move edi
gol move spa/sc
naf move mid
nth move hel
nrg move edi
pie move mar
pru support sil
rom move tys
ruh support mun
rum hold
sil support ber move mun
stp/nc move nwy
tri support tyr
tun support rom move tys
tyr support ven move pie
tys move rom
ven move pie
vie support tyr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move boh
tys move tus
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove boh
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber move mun
bre move eng
gal move boh
hel move nth
hol support mun move ruh
ion move tys
kie support mun move ruh
lvp move edi
gol move spa/sc
mid support gol move spa
mar support wes move spa
mun move ruh
nap move rom
nrg support stp/nc move nwy
pie move mar
pru move ber
ruh support bel move hol
sil support pru move ber
stp/nc move nwy
tri move ven
tun move wes
tus move pie
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ven move tus
vie support gal move boh
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
France: army/dislodged ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ruh move bur
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support bur
ber support sil move mun
boh support sil move mun
bud move ser
bur support mar
con move smy
eng move iri
kie support ruh move mun
gol support pie move mar
mid move por
mar support wes move spa
nrg move nth
nwy support nrg move nth
pie move mar
rom move tus
ruh move mun
rum move bul
sil move mun
spa/sc support pie move mar
tun move wes
tus move gol
tyr support vie move tri
tys move tus
ven support rom move tus
vie move tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
