PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
ber move kie
bre move mid
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move lvn
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move syr
stp/sc move fin
ven move tus
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Turkey: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm hold
bur hold
con move bul
edi move nwy via convoy
hol move bel
ion move adr
kie move hol
mid move por
nth move den
nrg convoy edi move nwy
ruh support hol move bel
spa hold
syr hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Turkey: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bre
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Turkey: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
apu move alb
arm move bla
bel move nth
ber move sil
bre move gas
bul move ser
bur hold
den move swe
edi move nth
hol move kie
mar move gol
mun move tyr
nrg move bar
nwy support den move swe
por move mid
ruh move mun
smy move aeg
spa move mar
tus move ven
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
France: army gas
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move gre
bar support nwy move stp
bel move nth
bla move sev
bur move mar
edi move nth
gas hold
kie move mun
lon move wal
gol convoy mar move tus
mid move wes
mar move tus via convoy
mun move boh
nwy move stp
ser move alb
sil move war
syr move arm via convoy
tyr support adr move tri
ven move tus
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army ber
build Army con
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ser
ank move bla
apu move alb
arm move sev
bar move nrg
bel hold
ber move mun
boh move vie
bur move mar
con move bul
edi move nth
gas hold
gre move alb
ion move tys
lon support wal move eng
lvp move nat
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mun move ruh
sev move rum
stp move mos
swe hold
tyr support boh move vie
ven move tri
wal move eng
war move mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
apu support ven
bel support ruh move hol
bla move con
bul move ser
eng move iri
gas move bre
lon move eng
gol move spa/sc
mar move gas
mun move tyr
nat move mid
nth support lon move eng
nrg move nat
pie move mar
ruh move hol
ser move bud
sev hold
stp move mos
tun hold
tyr move tri
tys move ion
ven hold
vie support tyr move tri
war move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
build Army par
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
apu move alb via convoy
bel hold
ber move pru
bre hold
bul move ser
eng move nth
gas move spa
hol support bel
iri support mid move eng
kie move hel
mid move eng
nat move nrg
nth move den
par support bre
rum move sev
ser move bud
sev move mos
smy move aeg
spa/sc move por
stp support sev move mos
swe move bal
tri support vie move bud
tyr support tri
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move mos
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal move kie
bel move hol
bud support tri
bul move gre
con move aeg
den support bal move kie
eng support nth move bel
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
ion convoy apu move alb
iri move mid
nth move bel
nrg move nth
por move spa/sc
pru move lvn
spa move gas
stp move lvn
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
war support pru move lvn
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
Germany: fleet/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army ber
build Fleet lon
remove pie
build Army smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move con
apu move ven
bal move kie
bel move hol
ber support hel move kie
bre hold
bud support tri
con move aeg
den support nth move hel
eng move bel
gas move spa
hel move kie
hol move ruh
ion move adr
lon move nth
lvn move stp
mid move nat
mar move pie
nth move hel
par support bre
pic move bel
sev move rum
spa/sc move wes
stp move lvn
tri hold
tun move tys
ven move rom
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move ion
bal support den move kie
ber move kie
bre hold
bud move tri
con move aeg
den move kie
eng support nth move bel
gre move ser
hel support den move kie
hol support den move kie
ion move adr
kie move hol
lvn move stp
mos move ukr
nat move nrg
nth move bel
par move bur
pic move bel
pie move tus
rom support tri move ven
ruh support kie move hol
rum move bla
ser move rum
sil move ber
stp hold
tri move ven
tys move nap
ven hold
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
England: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: supply por
Germany: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
hol move nth
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army edi
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move adr
bal support kie
bel move hol
ber hold
bla move con
bre hold
bur support pic move bel
con move aeg
edi move nwy via convoy
eng move bel
hel support bel move hol
hol move nth
ion move tys
kie hold
lvn move war
mar move gol
nap support tun move ion
nth support bel move hol
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic move bel
rom move apu
ruh support pic move bel
rum move gal
ser move alb
sil support ber
spa move por
stp move lvn
tri move bud
tun move ion
tus move rom
ven move tri
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
France: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move ion
alb move gre
apu move rom
arm move sev
bal support kie
bel support ruh move hol
ber hold
bla move con
bre hold
bud move rum
bur move mar
con move aeg
eng convoy nwy move pic
gal move ukr
hel support hol
hol hold
ion move tun
kie hold
lvn hold
gol support nap move tys
nap move tys
nth convoy nwy move pic
nwy move pic via convoy
por hold
rom move nap
ruh move hol
sil support ber
tri move ser
tys move tun
ukr move mos
war move lvn
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet/dislodged tys
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army mun
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move gre
bal support kie
bel move pic
ber move kie
bre move par
con move aeg
eng support nth move bel
gre move ser
hel support kie
hol support nth move bel
ion move eas
kie hold
lvn move stp
gol move wes
mar move gas
mos hold
mun support ber move kie
nap hold
nth move bel
nrg move bar
pic support nth move bel
por move spa
rom move ven
ruh support ber move kie
rum hold
ser support rum
sev move rum
sil move ber
tys move ion
ukr move war
war hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move eas
bal support kie
bar move stp/nc
bel support pic
ber hold
con move aeg
eas move smy
eng hold
gas move bre
gre move ser
hel move nth
hol support kie
ion convoy nap move alb
kie support hol
mos support ukr
mun move bur
nap move alb via convoy
par support gas move bre
pic support bel
ruh support mun move bur
rum move bul
ser support ven move tri
sev move rum
sil support ber
spa move tun via convoy
stp move lvn
ukr move war
ven move tri
war move mos
wes convoy spa move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Army mar
build Army mun
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support tun move gre
bal support kie
bel move hol
ber support mun move kie
bre hold
bul support ser
bur move bel
eas move smy
eng support pic move bel
gre move alb
hol move hel
ion convoy tun move gre
kie support bal
lvn move pru
mar move spa
mun move kie
nth support pic move bel
par support bre
pic move bel
ruh support mun move kie
rum move bul
ser support ven move tri
sil move pru
smy hold
tri move ven
tun move gre via convoy
ukr move war
ven move tri
war support sil move pru
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Turkey: fleet/dislodged tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move den
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move tri
bal convoy lvn move kie
bel move ruh
bre move pic
bul support ser move rum
bur move pic
den support lvn move kie
eas move smy
eng move bel
gre hold
hel support lvn move kie
hol support lvn move kie
ion move aeg
kie move ber
lvn move kie via convoy
nth support eng move bel
par support bre move pic
ruh move bur
rum move bul
ser move rum
sil move ber
smy move con
spa move tun
tri move bud
ukr move war
war support ber move pru
wes convoy spa move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move mun
rum move sev
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army mar
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
bal support hel move kie
bel hold
ber support mun move kie
bre move eng
bud support bul move ser
bul move ser
bur support pic move bel
con move ank
den support hel move kie
eng support bel
gre move bul
hel move kie
hol move hel
ion move aeg
kie move hol
lon move nwy via convoy
mar move gas
mun move kie
nth convoy lon move nwy
par move pic
pic move bel
ruh support pic move bel
rum move sev
sil support ber
tri move alb
tun move naf
ukr move mos
war move lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
France: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
France: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb move gre
ank support bul move con
bal support kie
bel support ruh move hol
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul move con
bur support bel
con move ank
den support kie
eng move pic
gas hold
hel move hol
hol move bel
lvn move mos
mid support bre move eng
mun move boh
nth support hol move bel
nwy support stp/nc
pic support bel
ruh move hol
rum move sev
ser move bul
sil support ber
stp/nc hold
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
France: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
eng disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet ank
France: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army con
France: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet ank
France: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army con
France: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move smy
ank move bla
bal move bot
bel support hol
ber move kie
boh move sil
bre move mid
bul hold
bur move ruh
con move smy
den move ska
eng convoy pic move wal
gal support sil move war
gas move bre
hol support ber move kie
kie move bal
lvn support mos move stp
mid move iri
mar move spa/sc
mun support ber move kie
nth move nrg
nwy move fin
pic move wal
rum move sev
sil move war
stp/nc move bar
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
France: army smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
France: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg hold
bel support hol
bla support rum move sev
bre move pic
bul move con
eng move lon
gal move rum
gre hold
hol support ruh move bel
iri convoy naf move lvp
kie move den
lvn support war move mos
mid convoy naf move lvp
mun move kie
naf move lvp via convoy
ruh move bel
rum move sev
sil move gal
smy move arm
wal move yor
war move mos
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: supply ank
France: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: supply bul
Germany: army con
France: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
England: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Turkey: army/dislodged mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
bel move bur
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: supply ank
France: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army con
Germany: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
remove bal
remove bar
build Army ber
remove bot
remove fin
remove hel
build Army mun
remove nrg
remove ska
build Army smy
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: supply ank
France: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army con
Germany: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bla move bul
arm move ank
bel hold
ber move mun
bla move bul/ec
con move ank
den move swe
gal move rum
gre move ser
hol support bel
iri move eng
kie move ruh
lon move nth
lvn move stp
lvp move edi
mos support sev
mun move tyr
rum move ser
sev support gal move rum
spa/sc move wes
yor support lvp move edi
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: supply ank
France: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: supply bul
France: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Germany: army con
Germany: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
arm move ank
bel hold
bul/ec support aeg move con
bur support yor move bel
con move ank
eng support yor move bel
fin move nwy
gal move rum
gre move ser
hel move nth
hol support bel
mid move wes
mos move stp
mun move bur
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nat
pic support yor move bel
ruh support bel
rum move ser
sev move arm
ska support hel move nth
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tyr move tri
wes move tys
yor move bel
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: supply ank
France: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: supply bul
France: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
France: fleet con
Germany: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet/dislodged nth
Germany: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
nth move den
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: supply ank
France: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
