PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mun move ruh
nap move tys
rom move ven
smy move con
tri move adr
ven move tyr
vie move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
bla move rum
bul move gre
con move bul
eng move mid
hol support ruh move bel
kie move den
mos move ukr
nth convoy yor move nwy
ruh move bel
ser move rum
sev move rum
stp/sc move bot
tri move ven
tyr move vie
tys move tun
ven move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ven move tyr
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
build Army rom
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move arm
bel move pic
ber move pru
bla support ank move arm
bot move swe
bud move vie
bul move ser
con move bul
den move swe
gal move rum
gre support bul move ser
hol move nth
kie move hel
mid move por
mun move sil
nth move eng
rom move ven
ser hold
sev move bla
tun move wes
tyr support vie move tri
ukr support gal move rum
ven move rom
vie move tri
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bot move bal
bul move rum
den move swe
eng move bre
gre support ser
hel move nth
nth move nwy
pic support lon move bre
por move spa/sc
pru support sil move war
rum support sev
ser support bul move rum
sev support rum
sil move war
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ukr support rum
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lvp
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move bal
bla support sev
bul move rum
eng convoy lon move bre
gre move alb
kie support ber move bal
lon move bre
lvp move iri
mun move bur
nap move tys
nth move den
nwy move swe
pic support lon move bre
por move spa/sc
pru move lvn
rom move ven
ser support gre move alb
sev support bul move rum
swe move fin
ven move tyr
war support pru move lvn
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet/dislodged bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ser
bal move den
bla support sev
bre support pic move par
bur support pic move par
den move nth
eng support iri move mid
fin move stp
iri move mid
kie move hol
lvn move mos
pic move par
por move spa/sc
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev support bla
swe move nwy
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
tys move gol
ukr move war
ven move pie
war support lvn move mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army con
build Army kie
build Fleet lvp
build Army mun
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move mun
bla support sev
bre move gas
bud support rum move gal
bur move par
con move bul
den move nth
eng move mid
hol move bel
kie move den
lvp move iri
gol support pie move mar
mid move spa/sc
mos move ukr
mun move boh
nth move lon
nwy support den move nth
par move bre
pie move mar
por support mid move spa/sc
rum move gal
ser support bud
sev hold
smy move eas
stp move mos
ven move tyr
vie support tri
war move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move eng
bla move arm
boh support gal move vie
bre hold
bud support gal move vie
bul move rum
con move bul
den move edi
eas move ion
gal move vie
gas move bre
iri move eng
lon support bel move eng
gol move mar
mid support gas move bre
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nth convoy den move edi
nwy move nrg
par support bre
por support spa/sc
ser move tri
sev move bla
tri support vie
tyr support vie
ukr support war move gal
vie support tri
war move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
remove gas
build Army kie
build Fleet nap
remove por
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm support con move sev
ber move mun
bla convoy con move sev
boh move tyr
bre hold
bud move gal
bul move ser
bur move gas
con move sev
edi move lvp
eng support lon move wal
gal support ukr move rum
ion move adr
iri move wal
kie move ruh
lon move wal
mid move iri
mun move bur
nth move bel
nrg move cly
par support mun move bur
rum move ukr
ser move bud
sev move arm
spa/sc move mid
tyr move ven
ukr move rum
vie support bud move gal
wes move gol
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army/dislodged gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Germany: army/dislodged sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
gal move boh
sev move mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ser move tri
bel move nth
bla move sev
boh support tyr move vie
bre support par move gas
bud support ser move tri
bur support par move gas
cly move nat
eng support wal move iri
gal move war
gas move mar
iri move nat
lvp hold
gol move wes
mid move iri
mar move gol
mos support ukr move war
mun move tyr
par move gas
ruh move bel
rum move ukr
ser move tri
sev move mos
spa/sc move mid
tyr move vie
ukr move war
vie move boh
wal move iri
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
build Army kie
build Army mun
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
arm move sev
bel move nwy
ber move pru
boh move vie
bre hold
bud move vie
bur move mar
cly move nat
con move bul
eng support iri move mid
gal move war
gas support bur move mar
iri move mid
kie move mun
lvp move wal
gol move spa/sc
mar hold
mos move sev
mun move sil
nap move ion
nth convoy bel move nwy
rum move ukr
sev move mos
smy move aeg
tri support bud move vie
tyr support vie move tri
ukr support mos move sev
ven support tyr move tri
vie move tri
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
Germany: army mar
Italy: army/dislodged mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Germany: army/dislodged vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
mid move por
mar disband
vie move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move gre
arm move bla
bla move sev
boh move vie
bre move por
bul move ser
eng move iri
gal support boh move vie
gas move spa
ion move eas
gol move tys
mid convoy bre move por
mar support gas move spa
mos support ukr move sev
mun move boh
nat support mid
nth move eng
nwy move stp
por move spa/sc
pru support sil move war
rum move gal
sev move mos
sil move war
spa/sc move wes
tri support vie
tyr support boh move vie
tys move ion
ukr move sev
vie hold
wal hold
war move lvn
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
