PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move tus
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
bot move swe
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul
den move nth
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
mos move sev
nth convoy yor move hol
nrg move nwy
ruh move bel
ser support alb move gre
sev move bla
tri move vie
tus move ven
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
yor move hol
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army smy
build Fleet stp/sc
build Fleet tri
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank hold
bla support rum move bul
bre move mid
bud move tri
bul hold
bur move bel
con support bul
den move nth
gre support rum move bul
kie move hol
lon move eng
mun move bur
nap move apu
nth support nwy move ska
nwy move ska
par move pic
por move spa/sc
ruh support kie move hol
rum move bul
ser support bud move tri
sev move arm
smy move arm
spa move mar
stp/sc hold
swe hold
tri move alb
tun move tys
tyr support ven
ven support tyr
vie support bud move tri
war move ukr
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move nap
bel support mar move bur
bla support sev move arm
bul move con
bur move mun
den move nth
eng support bel
gre move aeg
hol hold
lon move den via convoy
mid move bre
mar move bur
nth convoy lon move den
pic support bel
ruh support hol
ser hold
sev move arm
ska support lon move den
spa/sc move mid
stp/sc move bot
swe hold
tri hold
tyr support ven move pie
tys move gol
ukr move rum
ven move pie
vie support tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move hel
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
ank support con
arm move ank
bel support bur
bla support arm move ank
bot support swe
bre move mid
bul move con
bur support mar
con hold
den hold
eng move nth
gre support ser move bul
hel move nth
hol support bel
lon support eng move nth
gol support pie move mar
mid move spa/sc
mar support mid move spa
mun support ruh move kie
nap move tys
nth move nwy
pic support bel
pie move mar
ruh move kie
rum hold
ser move bul
ska support nth move nwy
smy support ank
swe hold
tri hold
tyr move pie
vie support tri
war hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support arm move smy
ank support smy move con
arm move smy
bel move hol
bla support con move ank
bot support swe
bul move con
bur move mar
con move ank
den support nwy move swe
gre move bul/sc
hel move den
hol support bel
kie support hel move den
lon move wal
gol support pie move mar
mid move wes
mar move gol
mun hold
nth support bel move hol
nwy move swe
pic move bur
pie move mar
rum hold
ska support nwy move swe
smy move con
spa/sc support mar move gol
swe hold
tri move ven
tyr move pie
tys move wes
vie move tri
war move lvn
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: army/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet/dislodged gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank disband
hol move ruh
gol disband
smy disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet mar
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move sev
bla convoy ank move sev
bot move swe
bud move rum
bul hold
bur support hol move ruh
den move nth
gre support aeg move ion
hol move ruh
kie support ruh move hol
lvn move war
gol support spa/sc move wes
mid move naf
mar move pie
mun move bur
nth move hel
nwy move nth
pic support bur
pie move tus
ruh move hol
rum move gal
ska support nwy move nth
smy move con
spa/sc move wes
stp/nc support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri support ven
tyr move pie
tys move rom
ven move rom
vie move tyr
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
France: army/dislodged hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
hol move bel
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support bur move ruh
bla hold
bul support rum
bur move ruh
con hold
gal move boh
gre move ion
hel support ska move den
hol hold
ion move apu
kie support den
gol move tys
mar move pie
mun hold
naf move tun
nth support ska move den
nwy move nrg
pic move bur
rum support bul
sev move ukr
ska move den
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri move tyr
tus support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
tys move nap
ven move rom
vie support tri move tyr
wal move lon
war move sil
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move bal
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove nap
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu support tyr move ven
bal move den
bel support ruh move hol
bla convoy con move sev
boh support mun
bul support rum
bur move mun
con move sev
den move kie
hel support den move kie
ion move gre
kie support bal move den
lon move nth
mun move ruh
nth move den
nrg move cly
nwy support swe
rom support tyr move ven
ruh move hol
rum support bul
stp/sc move bot
swe support stp/sc move bot
tri support tyr move ven
tun support tys move ion
tus move rom
tyr move ven
tys move ion
ukr move war
ven support tus move rom
vie hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move ber
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move ion
bal move kie
bel move ruh
ber support bal move kie
bul support rum
cly move nat
gre move aeg
hel support kie
hol support kie
ion move eas
kie support mun move ber
lon move nth
mun move ber
nth move den
rom support ven
ruh support bal move kie
rum support bul
tri move bud
tus move pie
tys move nap
ven hold
vie hold
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
build Fleet bre
build Army lvp
build Army mar
build Army par
remove ruh
build Army tri
remove tus
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
bel move ruh
ber move pru
bla support sev move rum
boh move vie
bot move bal
bre move mid
bud support rum
bul support rum
den move bal
eas move smy
gal move bud
hel support kie
ion move gre
kie support mun move ber
lvp hold
mar move pie
mun move ber
nat move iri
nap support tun move tys
nth move nrg
par move bur
pie move tus
rom move ven
rum support bul
sev move rum
sil move boh
tri support vie
tun move tys
ven move tyr
vie hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber support bur move mun
bla support gal move rum
boh move mun
bot move bal
bud support rum
bul move con
bur move mun
con move ank
den support kie
gal move rum
gre move aeg
hel move hol
hol move kie
iri move eng
kie support hel move hol
lvp hold
nap move apu
nrg move nth
pie move ven
pru hold
ruh support bur move mun
rum hold
sev support gal move rum
sil support boh move mun
smy move aeg
swe support bot move bal
tri move ser
tus move rom
tyr move boh
tys move ion
ven support tyr
vie move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army/dislodged hol
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol move bel
rum move bul
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army lon
remove nwy
build Army par
remove pru
remove swe
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
apu support pie move ven
bal move ber
ber move mun
bla convoy con move ank
boh move mun
bre move eng
bud support gal move vie
bul move ser
con move ank via convoy
den support kie
eng support lon move bel
gal move vie
gre move ion
hol support kie
ion move aeg
kie support bal move ber
lon move bel
lvp move edi
mid support bre move eng
mun move tyr
nth support hol
par move bur
pie move ven
ruh support ber move mun
rum support sev move ukr
ser move tri
sev move ukr
sil support boh move mun
smy move aeg
tyr support ven
ven hold
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army/dislodged ber
Russia: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
eng move pic
ven move tus
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move smy
apu support ven
bel move hol
ber hold
bla support rum
boh move mun
bud move ser
bur move bel
con support ank move smy
den move swe
edi move nwy
eng support bur move bel
gre move aeg
hol support kie
ion support smy move aeg
kie support hol
lon move yor
mid move iri
mun move kie
nth convoy edi move nwy
pic move bre
pru move lvn
rom move tus
ruh support bel move hol
rum hold
ser move gre
sil support boh move mun
smy move aeg
tri support tyr move ven
tus move ven
tyr support tus move ven
ukr move war
ven support rom move tus
vie hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
England: fleet/dislodged hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: army smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army/dislodged tus
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
hol disband
mun move bur
tus move pie
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove bel
remove hol
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
build Army stp
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu support ven
ber move bal
bla support rum
bre move mid
bud support vie
bur move mar
con move aeg
eng support iri move mid
gre support con move aeg
ion move adr
iri move mid
kie move bal
lon hold
lvn move stp
lvp hold
mun move kie
nth convoy yor move den
nwy support lvn move stp
pie move ven
ruh move bur
rum hold
ser move bul
sil move mun
smy hold
stp move mos
swe move fin
tri support pie move ven
tus move pie
tyr support pie move ven
ven support tus move pie
vie support bud
war move lvn
yor move den
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
France: army/dislodged ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move rom
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg move ion
apu support rom move ven
ber move bal
bla hold
bre hold
bud support vie
bul move ser
bur move pic
den support kie
eng move bre
fin move stp/sc
gre support aeg move ion
kie hold
lon move eng
lvn support mos move stp
lvp move yor
mid support eng move bre
mar move gas
mos move stp
mun support sil move ber
nth move hol
nwy support fin move stp
rom move ven
rum move gal
sil move ber
smy move con
tri support ven
tyr support ven
ven hold
vie support bud
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army lvp
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg move ion
apu move ven
bal support ber move kie
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud hold
con hold
den move swe
eng move nth
fin move bot
gal move sil
gas move bur
gre support aeg move ion
hol move kie
ion hold
kie move den
lvn support mos move stp
lvp move yor
mid move wes
mos move stp
mun support ber move kie
nwy support stp
pic move bel
pie hold
rom support apu move ven
ser move alb
stp hold
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ven move tus
vie hold
yor move lon
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg move ion
alb hold
apu move ven
bal move den
bel move ruh
bot move bal
bud hold
bur move mun
con hold
den support hol move kie
gre support aeg move ion
hol move kie
ion hold
kie support bal move den
lon move yor
lvn move stp
mid move wes
mos support lvn move stp
mun support kie
nth convoy yor move hol
nwy support stp
pie move tus
rom support pie move tus
sil move ber
stp hold
swe support den
tri move ven
tus support tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
vie move tri
wes move tys
yor move hol
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army vie
build Army war
remove yor
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support rom move ven
aeg move ion
alb hold
apu support rom move ven
bal move den
ber support mun
bot move bal
bud hold
bur move mun
con hold
den move kie
gre support aeg move ion
hol support den move kie
ion hold
kie support bal move den
lon move den
lvn move stp
mos support lvn move stp
mun support kie
nth convoy lon move den
nwy support stp
rom move ven
ruh support bur move mun
stp hold
swe support lon move den
tri support ven
tus move gol
tyr support ven
tys support ion
ven hold
vie hold
war move sil
wes move tun
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion move alb
aeg move eas
apu support tun move ion
bal move kie
ber support bal move kie
bot convoy swe move lvn
bud move ser
bur support ruh move mun
con move smy
den move swe
gre support alb
hol support kie
ion move alb
kie support nth move den
lvn move stp
gol move pie
mos support lvn move stp
mun support bal move kie
nth move den
nwy support stp
rom move ven
ruh move mun
sil support mun
stp support swe move lvn
swe move lvn
tri support ven
tun move ion
tyr support ven
tys support tun move ion
ven hold
vie move boh
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
Russia: army/dislodged lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Army war
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support rom move ven
apu support rom move ven
bal move lvn
ber move kie
boh support mun
bot support lvn
bud move ser
bur move mar
den move bal
eas move aeg
edi hold
gre support alb
hol support kie
kie support den move bal
lvn support stp move mos
mos support bal move lvn
mun support ber move kie
nwy move stp
pie move gol
rom move ven
ruh move bur
ser move bul
sil move pru
smy hold
stp move mos
swe hold
tri support ven
tun support ion
tyr support ven
tys move tus
war support mos
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tun move ion
aeg move ion
alb hold
apu support rom move ven
bal move lvn
ber move mun
boh support ber move mun
bot support den move bal
bul move con
bur move mun
den move bal
edi move yor
gre support aeg move ion
hol support kie
ion move aeg
kie support den move bal
lvn hold
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mun move ruh
nwy hold
pru move ber
rom move ven
ser support alb
stp support lvn
swe hold
tri support ven
tun move ion
tus support mar move pie
tyr support ven
ven hold
war support mos
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet/dislodged bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bal move pru
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support rom move ven
aeg move ion
alb hold
apu support rom move ven
bal move pru
ber move kie
boh support tyr
bot support nwy move stp
bur move mun
con hold
gre support aeg move ion
hol move nth
ion hold
kie move ber
lvn support bal move pru
gol move spa/sc
mun support ber move kie
nwy move stp
pie support rom move ven
pru move bal
rom move ven
ruh support ber move kie
ser support alb
smy hold
stp support lvn
swe move den
tri support ven
tun support ion
tus support pie
tyr support ven
ven hold
war support mos
yor hold
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Russia: fleet/dislodged pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
France: army/dislodged stp
France: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
kie move hol
pru move ber
stp disband
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
France: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg move ion
alb support tri
apu support ven
ber move bal
boh move vie
bot move stp/sc
bur move bel
con hold
den move kie
gre support alb
hol support den move kie
ion hold
lvn move stp
mos hold
mun support kie
nth support hol
pie move mar
pru move bal
ruh move bel
ser support tri
smy hold
spa/sc move mid
stp move fin
tri support tyr
tun move wes
tus move pie
tyr support tri
ven support tus move pie
war support mos
yor hold
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army par
build Army sev
remove yor
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg move ion
apu support ven
ber move kie
bot support pru move bal
bre move pic
bur move bel
den hold
fin move stp
gre support aeg move ion
hol support bur move bel
ion hold
kie move hol
lvn move pru
mid move wes
mar support par move bur
mos support war move lvn
mun support ruh
nth support hol
par move bur
pie hold
pru move bal
ruh support kie move hol
ser support alb
sev support mos
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ven support pie
vie support tri
war move lvn
wes move tys
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
France: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tys move ion
aeg move ion
alb hold
apu support ven
bal support pru move ber
bel move ruh
ber support kie
bot support stp
bur move mun
con hold
den move kie
gre support aeg move ion
hol support den move kie
ion move eas
kie support ber
lvn move war
mar support pic move bur
mos support lvn move war
mun support ruh
nth support hol
pic move bur
pie hold
pru move ber
ruh hold
ser support alb
sev support mos
smy hold
stp hold
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
tys move ion
ven support pie
vie support tri
wes move tun
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Army lvp
remove tys
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg move ion
alb hold
apu support tun move ion
bal support stp move lvn
bel move ruh
ber support kie
bot move stp/sc
bur support bel move ruh
con move smy
eas support tun move ion
edi move nrg
gre support aeg move ion
hol support kie
kie support bel move ruh
lon move den
lvp move edi
mar move pie
mun move sil
nth convoy lon move den
pic support bur
pie move gol
ruh move mun
ser support alb
sev move ukr
smy move syr
stp move lvn
tri support tyr move ven
tun move ion
tyr move ven
ven support mar move pie
vie support tri
war support mun move sil
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support apu move ven
aeg hold
apu move ven
bal convoy den move pru
ber support den move pru
bur support ruh move mun
den move pru
eas support ion
edi move nwy
gre support alb
hol support kie
ion hold
kie support ruh move mun
lvn support den move pru
gol move tys
mos move lvn
mun move ber
nth convoy edi move nwy
nrg move bar
pic move bel
pie support ven move tyr
ruh move mun
ser support tri
sil move pru
stp/sc support lvn
tri support tyr
tyr support tri
ukr support war
ven move tyr
vie support tyr
war support sil move pru
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move boh
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mar
remove ukr
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg move ion
alb hold
apu support tys move ion
bal convoy den move lvn
bar support nwy move stp
bel move ruh
ber support lvn move pru
boh move sil
bur support mun
den move lvn
eas support ion move aeg
gre support aeg move ion
hol move hel
ion move aeg
kie support mun
lvn move pru
mar move pie
mos support pru move lvn
mun support pie move tyr
nth hold
nwy move stp
pie move tyr
pru move lvn
ser support tri
stp/sc move bot
tri support tyr
tyr support tri
tys move ion
ven support pie move tyr
vie move bud
war support pru move lvn
PHASE 1915 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tyr move vie
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion move alb
aeg support gre move ion
alb hold
apu support tys move ion
bal support stp move lvn
bar move stp/nc
ber move sil
bot support stp move lvn
bud support tri
bur support mun
den move kie
eas support tys move ion
gre move ion
hel support den move kie
ion move alb
kie move ber
lvn support sil move pru
mos support lvn
mun support ber move sil
nth hold
pie move tyr
ruh support mun
ser support alb
sil move boh
stp move lvn
tri hold
tyr move boh
tys move ion
ven support pie move tyr
vie support tri
war support lvn
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sil move gal
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg support gre move ion
alb hold
apu support tys move ion
bal support ber move pru
bar move stp/nc
ber move pru
bot support stp move lvn
bud support tri
bur support mun
eas support ion move aeg
edi move kie
gal support war
gre move ion
hel convoy edi move kie
ion move aeg
kie move ber
lvn hold
mos support lvn
mun support tyr move boh
nth convoy edi move kie
pie move tyr
ruh support mun
ser support alb
sil support tyr move boh
stp move lvn
tri hold
tyr move boh
tys move ion
ven support pie move tyr
vie support tri
war support lvn
PHASE 1916 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet/dislodged aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move con
alb move gre
apu move ion
bal convoy ber move lvn
bar move stp/nc
ber move lvn
boh move vie
bot support ber move lvn
bud support vie
bul/sc support smy move con
bur support ruh move mun
eas support ion move aeg
gal support war
gre move aeg
hel move kie
ion move aeg
kie move ber
lvn move pru
mos support war
mun move boh
nth move hol
pru move war
ruh move mun
ser support tri
sil move gal
smy move con
stp move mos
syr move smy
tri support vie
tyr support boh move vie
ven move tri
vie support tri
war support lvn move pru
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tyr move tri
aeg support apu move ion
alb hold
apu move ion
bal support sil move pru
bar hold
ber support sil move pru
boh move vie
bot move lvn
bud support tri
bul/sc move aeg
bur support ruh move mun
con support smy
eas support aeg
edi move yor
gal support war
gre support bul/sc move aeg
hol move nth
ion move alb
kie move hel
lvn move mos
mos hold
mun move tyr
pru move lvn
ruh move mun
ser support alb
sil move pru
smy hold
stp support lvn move mos
tri hold
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tri
war support mos
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg support apu move ion
alb support bud move tri
apu move ion
bal support bot move lvn
bar support stp
ber support mun move sil
boh move vie
bot move lvn
bud move tri
bul/sc support gre
bur move mun
con support smy
eas support aeg
gal support war
gre hold
hel convoy yor move kie
ion move alb
lvn move mos
mun move sil
nth convoy yor move kie
pru move war
ser support bud move tri
smy hold
stp support lvn move mos
tri support boh move vie
tyr support boh move vie
ven support tri
vie support bud move tri
war support mos
yor move kie
PHASE 1917 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mos move sev
PHASE 1917 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1918 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move alb
alb support gre
apu move nap
bal move ber
bar move stp/nc
ber move sil
bud support ser
bul/sc support gre
con support smy
eas support aeg
gal move vie
gre support alb
hel support kie
ion support tri move alb
kie hold
lon move den
lvn move bal
mar move gol
mos support stp move lvn
mun support sil move boh
nth convoy lon move den
par move bur
pru support stp move lvn
ser support bud
sev support war move mos
sil move boh
smy hold
stp move lvn
tri move alb
tyr support vie
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
war move mos
PHASE 1918 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
England: army/dislodged mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mos move ukr
PHASE 1918 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tyr move tri
aeg move gre
alb move ser
bal move bot
ber move bal
boh move gal
bud support ser
bul/sc move aeg
bur move mar
con support smy
den move swe
eas move smy
gal move war
gre support bul/sc move aeg
hel hold
ion support aeg move gre
kie move ber
lvn support ukr move mos
mos support gal move war
mun move tyr
nap move tys
nth hold
pru support sil move war
ser support bud
sev support mos
sil move war
smy hold
stp/nc hold
tri move bud
tyr move tri
ukr move mos
vie support tri move bud
PHASE 1918 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud disband
gre move bul/sc
PHASE 1918 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army par
PHASE 1919 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg support smy
alb move gre
bal convoy swe move ber
ber move sil
boh move gal
bot hold
bre move gas
bud move ser
bul/sc support aeg
con support smy
eas support gre move aeg
gal move rum
gre move aeg
hel move hol
ion support gre move aeg
lvn support war move mos
mar move pie
nth hold
par move bur
pru move war
ser move bud
sev support mos
smy support con
stp/nc hold
swe move ber
tri support bud move ser
tyr move vie
ukr move sev
vie move bud
war move mos
PHASE 1919 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gal
France: army gas
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move ion
bal convoy lvn move ber
ber move mun
bot move stp/sc
bud support tri move ser
bul/sc hold
bur move ruh
con support bul/sc
eas move smy
gal move rum
gas move bur
gre support ser move bul
hol move bel
ion move tun
lvn move ber
gol move spa/sc
mos support ukr
nth support hol move bel
pie move tyr
rum support sev move ukr
ser move bul
sev move ukr
sil support ber move mun
smy hold
stp/nc move nwy
tri move ser
tys move wes
ukr support rum
vie move boh
war support ukr
PHASE 1919 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1920 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
bal move den
bel move pic
ber support mun
boh move mun
bud support ser move rum
bul move con
bur support boh move mun
con support smy
eas move smy
edi move lvp
gal move boh
gre move bul
ion move tun
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mos support ukr
mun hold
nth move hol
nwy move nth
ruh support boh move mun
rum support sev
ser move rum
sev support rum
sil support mun
smy support con
spa/sc move por
stp/sc move lvn
tun move wes
tyr support boh move mun
ukr support war move gal
war move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1920 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
France: army con
Austria: army/dislodged con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
England: army/dislodged mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
con move ank
mun move kie
PHASE 1920 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
France: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move smy
ank support smy
ber support kie move mun
boh move vie
bud support rum
bul move con
bur move pic
con move smy
den move kie
eas support con move smy
eng convoy lvp move bre
gal move bud
hol support nth move bel
iri convoy lvp move bre
kie move mun
lvn move bal
lvp move bre
mid move gas
mos support ukr
nth move bel
pic support lvp move bre
por support wes move mid
ruh support mun
rum support gal move bud
ser support bud
sev support rum
sil move boh
smy support ank
tun move naf
tyr support mun
ukr support rum
wes move mid
PHASE 1920 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: army bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: army bur
France: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: fleet gas
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army smy
Austria: army/dislodged smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
smy disband
PHASE 1920 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: army bur
France: army con
France: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: fleet gas
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mar
build Army par
PHASE 1921 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: army bur
France: army con
France: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: fleet gas
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
ank hold
bal support den move kie
bel support pic
ber move sil
boh support gal move vie
bre hold
bud move gal
bur move pic
con move ank
den move kie
eas move aeg
eng support bre
gal move vie
gas support mid move bre
hol support bel
iri move mid
kie move ber
mid move bre
mar move pie
mos hold
mun support tyr move boh
naf move mid
par support mid move bre
pic support bre
por support naf move mid
ruh support mun
rum move bud
ser move rum
sev move arm
smy support con move ank
tyr move boh
ukr support sev move rum
vie move gal
PHASE 1921 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
England: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: fleet gas
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
France: army smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank support smy move arm
arm move smy
bal support kie
bel support pic
ber support sil move mun
boh move gal
bre support par move pic
bud support boh move gal
bul/sc support aeg move con
bur support par move pic
eng support pic
gal move boh
gas support bre
hol support kie
iri support eng
kie support hol
mid support bre
mos hold
mun support pie move tyr
par move pic
pic support bel
pie move tyr
por support mid
ruh support mun
rum move bul
ser support bud
sil move mun
smy move arm
ukr move gal
vie support boh move gal
PHASE 1921 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army arm
Russia: army/dislodged arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
England: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gal
England: army/dislodged gal
France: fleet gas
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
gal move war
PHASE 1921 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: army ank
France: supply ank
France: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gal
France: fleet gas
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
