PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move pic
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun hold
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move nap
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move boh
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move bla
boh move vie
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur move bel
con hold
eng support hol move bel
gal move bud
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie move hol
mun move bur
nap move apu
nth move nwy
pic support bur move bel
ser move bud
sev move bla
spa hold
ukr move rum
ven move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Army smy
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support vie move tri
ank move arm
apu move rom
ber hold
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul move rum
bur move bel
con hold
eng move pic
gal support ukr move rum
hol move bel
kie support mun move ruh
lon move eng
mun move ruh
nap move apu
nwy move nth
pic support bre move eng
ser support bud move rum
sev move bla
smy move ank
spa move por
swe hold
tun move ion
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie support bud
war support gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move iri
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move smy
apu move adr
arm move sev
ber move mun
bla support gal move rum
bud move rum
bul move rum
bur move bel
eng move nth
gal move rum
hol move bel
ion hold
iri move mid
kie move den
lon move eng
nth support hol move bel
pic support bur move bel
por hold
rom move ven
ruh support hol move bel
ser support bud move rum
swe hold
ukr move sev
vie support alb move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army kie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
arm move sev
bla support ukr move sev
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move bul
den move kie
eng move iri
gal move bud
hol move bel
ion move gre
kie move ruh
lon move eng
mid move spa/sc
mun move bur
nth support hol move bel
pic support bre move eng
por move spa
ruh support hol move bel
ser support bud move rum
smy move ank
tyr support bur move mun
ukr move sev
ven support adr move tri
vie support bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ber
tri move alb
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank hold
arm hold
bel move pic
ber support kie move mun
bla support bud move rum
bud move rum
bul hold
con support bul
den move kie
eng move iri
gre hold
iri move nat
kie move mun
lon support nth move eng
mid move iri
mun hold
nth move eng
pic move bre
por move spa
ruh support kie move mun
rum support ser
ser support alb move tri
sev support bud move rum
swe move nwy
tri hold
tyr support tri
ukr move gal
ven support tri
vie hold
wal move lvp
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move bel
mun move bur
rum move ukr
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
remove lon
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army rom
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
arm hold
bel move nth
ber support mun
bla support sev move arm
bre hold
bul hold
bur move bel
con hold
eng move bre
gal move bud
kie move hol
mid support eng move bre
mos move ukr
mun hold
nat move cly
nap move ion
nwy hold
par support bre
pic support eng move bre
rom move apu
ruh move bel
rum support gal move bud
ser support ukr move rum
sev move arm
spa move gas
tri move adr
tyr support ven move tri
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie move bud
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move sev
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy apu move alb
ank hold
apu move alb via convoy
arm move smy
ber support mun
bla support ukr move rum
bre hold
bul hold
bur move pic
cly move lvp
con hold
gal move bud
gas support par move bre
gre support apu move alb
hol move bel
ion move aeg
lvp hold
mid move por
mun support ruh move bur
nth move lon
nwy hold
par move bre
pic support bre
ruh move bur
rum hold
ser support rum
sev support ukr move rum
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
ukr move rum
vie hold
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
England: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move mid
bur move par
vie move boh
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
build Army mos
remove ser
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support gre move bul
alb move ser
ank move arm
bel support bur
ber support mun
bla convoy sev move con
boh move mun
bre move pic
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur move gas
cly move lvp
con move ank
gal move war
gas move mar
gre move bul/sc
kie move hel
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mid support por move spa
mos move stp
mun hold
nwy move nth
par support bre move pic
pic move eng
por move spa/nc
rum support bud move ser
sev move con
smy support sev move con
tyr support boh move mun
ven move tri
vie move bud
war move lvn
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc
alb move ser
ank move arm
arm move syr
bel move pic
ber support mun
bla move sev
boh move mun
bud support alb move ser
bul/sc move con
con support smy
edi move yor
eng move bre
gas move par
hel move nth
ion move tys
lon move eng
lvn move war
lvp hold
mid support eng move bre
mar support par move gas
mun hold
nwy support stp
par move gas
pic move bre
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
smy support con
spa/nc hold
stp support nwy
tri support alb move ser
tyr support boh move mun
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet/dislodged bul/sc
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Germany: army/dislodged gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bul/sc move gre
gas move bur
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove arm
remove boh
build Fleet kie
build Army mos
remove pic
build Fleet rom
remove syr
build Army ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel hold
bre hold
bud support ser
bul support rum
bur move mar
con support bul
eng move mid
gal move war
gas move spa
kie move hel
lvp move cly
mid move gas
mar support gas move spa
mos move lvn
mun hold
nth support yor move lon
nwy move ska
rom move tys
rum support bul
ser support bud
sev move arm
smy support con
spa/nc hold
stp move nwy
syr hold
tri move tyr
tyr move boh
tys move gol
ven move pie
war move sil
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: fleet cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move ank
bel move ruh
ber support mun
boh move mun
bre hold
bud support ser
bul move rum
bur support mun
cly move edi
con move bul
eng support gas move bre
gas move bre
gre hold
hel move kie
ion move tun
lvn move pru
gol support mar move spa
mid move spa/sc
mar move spa
mun hold
nth move den
pie support mar
rum move gal
ser support bud
sil move boh
ska move den
spa/nc move por
syr hold
tyr support boh move mun
tys move wes
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
Germany: fleet/dislodged bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move pic
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove lon
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army par
remove ruh
remove syr
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
ber support mun
boh move vie
bre move pic
bud support boh move vie
bul move ser
bur move par
edi move nth
eng move lon
gal move vie
gre move bul/sc
kie move den
gol move wes
mid support wes move spa
mar support spa
mos move ukr
mun hold
nth move lon
par support bre move pic
pic move bel
pie support mar
por support mid
pru support sil
rum support bul move ser
ser support bud
sil support pru
smy hold
spa hold
tun move ion
tyr support boh move vie
war move gal
wes move naf
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Italy: army/dislodged ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move tri
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move eng
ber hold
bud support tri move ser
bul/sc move aeg
bur move pic
con move aeg
den hold
edi move nth
eng move lon
gal support ukr move rum
ion move gre
mid support wes move spa
mar support spa
mun move tyr
naf move mid
nth move lon
nwy support ska move swe
par move bur
pic support par move bur
pie move tyr
por support wes move spa
pru support war
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sil move boh
ska move swe
smy support con
spa hold
tri move ser
tyr move boh
ukr move rum
vie move gal
war support gal
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: army/dislodged ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move ruh
mid move bre
ser disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
remove mar
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
ber move kie
bre support bel move pic
bud support vie move gal
bur move par
con move aeg
den move hel
edi support eng move nth
eng move nth
gal support sil move boh
gre move aeg
lon support nth move eng
mid support spa move por
mun move tyr
nap move ion
nth move eng
nwy support swe
pic move bre
pie move tyr
por move mid
ruh move bur
ser support bul/sc
sil move boh
smy move con
spa move por
swe support nwy
tyr move boh
ukr support rum
vie move gal
war support gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre hold
bud move rum
bul/sc support ion move aeg
bur move par
con support rum move bul
edi move nth
eng support par move bre
gal support sil move boh
gre support ion move aeg
hel move nth
ion move aeg
kie support mun
lon support hel move nth
mid move nat
mun support sil move boh
nth move yor
nwy move stp
par move bre
pic support bre
pie move mar
por hold
pru move sil
rum move bul
ser support bud move rum
sil move boh
smy support con
swe hold
tyr move vie
ukr move rum
vie move bud
war support gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul
boh support mun move tyr
bre support pic move eng
bud support vie
bur move par
con support bul
edi move yor
eng move bre
gal move rum
gre move bul/sc
kie move hol
lon support pic move eng
mid support eng move bre
mar move bur
mun move tyr
nat move nrg
nth support yor move edi
par move pic
pic move eng
por move spa
rom move tus
rum support bud
ser support gre move bul
sil move boh
smy support con
stp move mos
swe move nwy
ukr support gal move rum
ven move tyr
vie support bud
war move gal
yor move edi
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
England: fleet/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
France: fleet/dislodged edi
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Italy: army/dislodged rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move gas
edi move cly
rum move sev
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
France: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
boh move tyr
bre move eng
bur support pic move par
cly move edi
con support smy
edi move cly
eng support gas move bre
gal support rum
gas move bre
hol move bel
lon move wal
mid support bre
mos support ukr move sev
nth move edi
nrg support cly move edi
nwy move nrg
par support gas move bre
pic move par
rum support gal
ser support sev move rum
sev move rum
sil move boh
smy support con
spa move gas
tus move ven
tyr move mun
ukr move sev
ven move tyr
vie move gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
France: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move pic
rum move ukr
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
France: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
France: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc move con
bel move pic
ber move kie
boh move tyr
bre move mid
bud move gal
bul/sc move con
bur move ruh
cly move lvp
con support smy
edi hold
eng support bre move mid
gal support ukr move rum
gas support par move bre
kie move ruh
mid move nat
mos move stp
mun support kie move ruh
nap move ion
nth support edi
nrg support mid move nat
nwy move bar
par move bre
pic move eng
rum support bud move gal
ser support rum
sev support ukr move rum
sil move boh
smy support con
tus move ven
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
vie support bud move gal
wal move lvp
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
France: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move war
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
France: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc move con
bar move nrg
bel move pic
boh support war move gal
bre hold
bul/sc move con
bur move ruh
cly move lvp
con support smy
edi hold
eng support bel move pic
gal move ukr
gas move mar
ion move eas
kie move ruh
mid move bre
mun support ruh move bur
nat move nrg
nth support edi
nrg move nwy
pic move eng
ruh move bur
rum support gal
ser support rum
sev move rum
sil support war move gal
smy support con
stp move nwy
tus move ven
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tyr
vie support ven move tyr
wal move lvp
war move gal
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Italy: army/dislodged bur
France: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army/dislodged gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move bel
gal move bud
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
France: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove eng
build Army par
remove wal
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
France: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc move con
bar move nrg
bel move hol
boh support mun move tyr
bre move pic
bud move gal
bul/sc move con
bur move bel
cly move edi
con support smy
gal support sev move rum
mid move por
mar move bur
mun move tyr
nat move iri
nth move hol
nrg support cly move edi
par support bre move pic
pic support bur move bel
ruh support bur move bel
rum support bud move gal
ser support rum
sev move rum
sil support gal
smy support con
stp move nwy
tyr support vie
ukr support sev move rum
ven support tyr
vie support bud move gal
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
bar move nrg
bel hold
boh support mun move tyr
bud move gal
bul/sc support aeg move con
bur support pic move bel
cly move edi
con support smy
eas move smy
edi hold
gal support ukr
iri move eng
mun move tyr
nth support edi
nrg move nth
nwy hold
par support bur
pic move bel
por move spa/nc
ruh support bel
rum support bud move gal
ser support rum
sev support ukr
sil support gal
smy support con
tyr support vie
ukr support sev move rum
ven support tyr
vie support bud move gal
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Russia: fleet/dislodged con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move bla
gal move war
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove boh
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bar move nrg
bel hold
ber support mun
bla support smy move con
bul/sc move aeg
bur support pic move bel
cly move edi
con move ank
eas move smy
edi hold
eng support pic move bel
gal support rum
kie move hel
lon move eng
mar move spa
mun hold
nap move tys
nth support bar move nrg
nrg support cly move edi
nwy hold
par support bur
pic move bel
ruh support bel
ser move bul
sev move rum
sil support war move gal
smy move con
spa/nc hold
tyr support vie
ukr support war move gal
ven move tri
vie support gal
war move gal
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Russia: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army/dislodged gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Italy: fleet/dislodged nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move bud
nrg move nat
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Russia: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank support aeg move con
ber support mun
bla support con move bul
bud support rum
bul support rum
bur support pic move bel
cly move lvp
con move bul
edi move cly
eng support pic move bel
gal support sev move rum
hel move hol
lon move eng
mar move spa
mun hold
nat move iri
nth support lon move eng
nrg support edi move cly
nwy move stp
par support bur
pic move bel
ruh move bel
rum support bul
sev move rum
sil support gal
smy support aeg move con
tri move vie
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ukr support sev move rum
vie move gal
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Italy: army/dislodged bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet/dislodged eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move ser
eng move mid
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove stp
build Army ven
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bel hold
ber support mun
bla support gal move rum
bre support iri move eng
bud support rum
bul move gre
bur support bel
cly move lvp
con support ser move bul
eng hold
gal move rum
hol support nth move bel
iri move eng
lvp hold
gol support mar move spa
mid support iri move eng
mar move spa
mun move bur
nth move bel
nrg move nat
par support bur
ruh support nth move bel
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support gal move rum
sil move war
smy support con
spa/nc move gas
tri move alb
tyr move boh
ukr support gal move rum
ven move tyr
vie move gal
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army/dislodged bel
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Italy: army gal
England: fleet gas
Russia: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Italy: army/dislodged rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
eng move lon
rum move ser
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
England: fleet gas
Russia: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank support con move bla
bel move pic
ber support mun
bla support gre move bul
boh support bur move mun
bre move gas
bud support gal move rum
bul support gal move rum
bur move mun
cly move lvp
con move bla
eng move nth
gal move rum
gas move mid
gre move bul
hol move nth
lon move eng
lvp move nat
gol move wes
mid support bre move gas
mun support ruh move bur
nat support cly move lvp
par support pic
pic move bel
ruh move bur
rum support gre move bul
ser support alb move gre
sev support rum
smy move con
spa hold
tyr support bur move mun
ukr support rum
war support ukr
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Russia: fleet/dislodged bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
France: fleet/dislodged lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bla disband
lvp move wal
mun move ruh
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Army mos
build Army stp
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel move eng
ber support bur move mun
bla move rum
boh support mun
bud support gal
bul support bla move rum
bur move mun
con move bla
eng move lon
gal support bla move rum
gas move bre
gre move bul
hol move nth
kie support bur move mun
lon support hol move nth
lvp move wal
mid move eng
mos move sev
mun hold
nat move mid
par move bur
pic support par move bur
ruh support bur move mun
rum support ukr move gal
ser support bla move rum
sev move arm
spa move mar
stp move lvn
tyr support mun
ukr move gal
wal move lon
war support ukr move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move sil
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel move pic
ber support mun
bla support rum move sev
boh support sil move mun
bre hold
bud support ser move rum
bul move con
bur support pic move bel
eng support wal move lon
gal support ser move rum
gre move bul
kie support mun
lon support nth move eng
lvn move war
lvp move wal
mid move iri
mar move gas
mos move sev
mun hold
nat move iri
nth move eng
pic move bel
ruh move bur
rum move sev
ser move rum
sev support ukr
sil move mun
tyr support sil move mun
ukr support war move gal
wal move lon
war move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army/dislodged gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move vie
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: fleet sev
Italy: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove gas
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: fleet sev
Italy: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move ank
bel support nth move eng
ber support mun
bla convoy con move sev
boh support bud move gal
bud move gal
bul support rum
bur move bel
con move sev via convoy
eng support mid move iri
gal move war
kie support mun
lon move yor
lvp move wal
mid move iri
mos support ukr
mun hold
nat move mid
nth move eng
pic support bur move bel
rom move ven
ruh move bur
rum support con move sev
sev move arm
sil move pru
tyr move mun
ukr support gal move war
ven move tri
vie support bud move gal
wal move iri
war move pru
wes move mid
PHASE 1915 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet arm
France: army bel
Germany: fleet/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bel move hol
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet arm
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
ank move con
arm support sev
bel hold
ber support mun
bla support sev
boh move sil
bre move gas
bul move rum
bur move mar
eng support mid move iri
gal support rum move ukr
hol move bel
kie support mun
lvp move wal
mid move iri
mos support ukr
mun hold
nat move mid
nth support hol move bel
pic support bel
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
tri move tyr
tyr move boh
ukr support war
ven move pie
vie support gal
wal move lon
war support ukr
wes move mid
yor move lon
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bel hold
ber support mun
boh support tyr move mun
bul move rum
con move aeg
eng support wal move lon
gal support rum move ukr
gas move spa/nc
hol move bel
iri move lvp
kie support mun
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mos support ukr
mun hold
nat move mid
nth move lon
pic support bel
pie move mar
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
sil move war
stp/nc move nwy
tri support tyr
tyr move mun
ukr support war
vie support gal
wal move lon
war support ukr
wes move mid
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move bla
bel hold
ber support mun
bla move con
boh support tyr move mun
eng support lon
gal move war
gas move spa/nc
hol move bel
kie support mun
lon hold
mar move spa
mos support war
mun hold
nat move lvp
nth support wal move lon
nwy move nrg
pic support bel
pie move mar
rum support ukr
sev move mos
sil move pru
tri move tyr
tyr move mun
ukr support sev move mos
vie move gal
wal move lon
war support mos
wes move mid
yor move edi
PHASE 1916 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mos move stp
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army par
remove wal
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel hold
ber support mun
edi move cly
gas move spa/nc
hol support nth move bel
kie support mun
lon hold
mar move spa
mun hold
nat move lvp
nth move bel
nrg move cly
par move bur
pic support bel
pru move lvn
stp support war move mos
war move mos
PHASE 1917 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Italy: army/dislodged mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel support bur move ruh
ber support mun
bur move ruh
edi move yor
gas move spa/nc
hol support nth move bel
kie support mun
lon hold
lvn move war
mar move spa
mos support stp
mun hold
nat move iri
nth move bel
nrg move nat
pic support bel
stp support mos
PHASE 1917 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army par
PHASE 1918 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bel support ruh move hol
ber support mun
gas move spa/nc
hol hold
iri move lvp
kie support mun
lon move nth
mar move spa
mos support stp move lvn
mun hold
nat support iri move lvp
nth support hol
par move bur
pic support bel
ruh move hol
stp move lvn
war move lvn
yor move lon
PHASE 1918 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: fleet lvp
Italy: fleet/dislodged lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
hol move hel
PHASE 1918 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bel support hol
ber support mun
bur move ruh
gas move spa/nc
hel move hol
hol hold
kie support hel move hol
lon move nth
lvn move war
lvp support nat
mar move spa
mos support lvn move war
mun hold
nat move mid
nth support hel move hol
pic move bur
war move sil
yor move lon
PHASE 1918 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove hel
build Army stp
PHASE 1919 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bel support hol
ber support mun move kie
bur support sil move mun
gas move spa/nc
hol hold
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mos move lvn
mun move kie
nat move mid
nth move hol
ruh support sil move mun
sil move mun
stp move mos
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1919 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bel support hol
ber support kie
bur move mun
den support kie
gas move spa/nc
hol support ruh
kie hold
lon move nth
lvn move mos
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move sil
nat move mid
nth move hol
ruh support bur move mun
wal support yor move lon
war support lvn move mos
yor move lon
PHASE 1919 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
remove nth
build Army stp
PHASE 1920 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel hold
ber support kie
bre support eng
den move swe
edi move nth
gas move spa/nc
hol support ruh move kie
kie move hol
lon support wal move eng
mar move gas
mos move sev
mun support sil move ber
nat move mid
ruh move kie
sev move arm
sil move ber
stp move lvn
wal move eng
war move sil
PHASE 1920 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
kie move den
PHASE 1920 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move smy
bel hold
ber hold
bre move pic
den move kie
gas move par
hol hold
kie hold
lon support wal move eng
lvn move war
mun support ber
nat move mid
nth support wal move eng
pru support sil move ber
sev move arm
spa/nc move por
wal move eng
PHASE 1920 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Italy: fleet/dislodged eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1920 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army sev
PHASE 1921 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel hold
ber support mun move sil
bre hold
den hold
eng support par move bre
hol support bel
kie hold
lon move wal
mun move sil
nat move iri
nth support eng
par move bre
pic support bre
por move spa/sc
pru support sil move ber
sev move ukr
sil move ber
smy move ank
swe support den
war support sev move ukr
PHASE 1921 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
France: army/dislodged ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army/dislodged ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move mun
PHASE 1921 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel hold
ber support war move sil
bre hold
den move kie
eng support nth move bel
hol support kie
iri move mid
kie support mun move ber
mun move ber
nth move bel
pic support bre
pru move sil
sev move rum
sil move pru
spa/sc move mar
swe move den
ukr support sev move rum
wal move lvp
war move sil
PHASE 1921 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army/dislodged bel
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Italy: army/dislodged rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
PHASE 1921 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
remove mun
remove pic
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/nc
remove swe
PHASE 1922 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
bel move pic
ber support den move kie
bre support pic move eng
den move kie
edi move nth
eng support iri move mid
hol support ruh move bel
iri move mid
kie hold
lon hold
lvp move iri
mar move gol
par move bre
pic move eng
pru move sil
ruh move bel
rum move bud
sev move rum
sil move ber
stp/nc move nwy
ukr support war
war support pru move sil
PHASE 1922 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
France: army/dislodged sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sil move mun
PHASE 1922 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel hold
ber support sil move mun
bre support pic move eng
bud move ser
den move kie
eng move mid
hol support bel
iri support eng move mid
kie support mun move ber
lon move eng
lvp move wal
gol move tys
mun move ber
nth support lon move eng
nwy move nrg
par move bre
pic move eng
rum move bul
sil move mun
ukr move rum
war move sil
PHASE 1922 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Italy: fleet/dislodged mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1922 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet sev
build Army war
PHASE 1923 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bel hold
ber support den move kie
bre support pic move eng
bul support ank move con
den move kie
eng support iri move mid
hol support bel
iri move mid
kie move mun
mid move gas
mun support par move bur
nth move bel
nrg move nat
par move bur
pic move eng
ruh support kie move mun
rum move bud
ser move gre
sev move rum
sil support war move gal
tys move rom
wal support eng
war move gal
PHASE 1923 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Italy: fleet/dislodged con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army/dislodged gal
Russia: fleet gas
Russia: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1923 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gas
Russia: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move bur
ber support kie
bre move mid
bud support gal move vie
bul move ser
bur move mar
eng move bre
gal move vie
gas support eng move bre
hol support ruh move kie
kie hold
mid support eng move bre
mun support ruh move kie
nat move iri
nth move hol
pic move eng
rom hold
ruh move kie
rum move bul/ec
sil move mun
wal move eng
PHASE 1923 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Army mos
build Fleet sev
build Army stp
build Army war
PHASE 1924 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber support kie
bre hold
bud support ser move tri
bul/ec move con
bur move par
con move smy
hol support ruh move kie
iri move mid
kie move hol
lon hold
mid move spa/sc
mar hold
mun support ruh move kie
nth support kie move hol
pic move bel
rom move nap
ruh move kie
ser move tri
sev move bla
sil move mun
vie move boh
wal move eng
PHASE 1924 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
France: army/dislodged hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol move ruh
PHASE 1924 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel support ruh move hol
ber support sil move mun
bla move con
boh support sil move mun
bud move tri
con move aeg
eng convoy lon move por
gas move spa/nc
gre move ser
hol move kie
kie move den
lon move por via convoy
mid convoy lon move por
mar hold
mos move ukr
mun hold
nap hold
nth move bel
par hold
ruh move hol
sil move mun
spa/sc move wes
stp move lvn
tri move ven
war move sil
PHASE 1924 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
France: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: army por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1924 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: army por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
