PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lvp move yor
mar move bur
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move nap
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla support bul move rum
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur support pic move bel
con move bul
den move nth
ion convoy nap move tun
kie move hol
lon move nth
mid move por
mos move sev
nap move tun via convoy
nth move nwy
pic move bel
ruh support kie move hol
ser support alb move gre
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel support bur
bud move rum
bur support bel
den hold
edi move nth
gre support ser move bul
hol support ruh move bel
ion move aeg
kie move hel
lon move eng
mar move spa/sc
mos support sev
mun move bur
nap move tys
nwy move nrg
par move pic
por move mid
ruh move bel
ser move bul
sev hold
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move ser
ven move pie
vie move tri
war move ukr
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
bel support mun move bur
bud support ukr move rum
bul move con
bur move mar
den hold
eng support pic move bel
gre support ser move bul
hel support den
hol support bel
mid move bre
mos support sev
mun move bur
nth support pic move bel
nrg support nth
nwy hold
pic move bel
pie move mar
ser move bul
sev support ukr move rum
spa/sc move mar
swe support nwy
tri move vie
tys move gol
ukr move rum
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove lon
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Fleet stp/sc
build Fleet tri
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
bel support bur move ruh
bre move mid
bud move gal
bul support con
bur move ruh
con hold
den move bal
eng support bel
gre move aeg
hel move hol
hol move bel
gol support pie move mar
mar hold
mun move bur
nth hold
nrg support nth
nwy move stp
par move bur
pie move mar
ruh support mun move bur
rum move sev
sev move arm
spa/sc support mar
stp/sc move bot
swe move nwy
tri move adr
vie move boh
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move gas
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support con move smy
arm move ank
bal move den
bel support gas move bur
boh move tyr
bot move swe
bul move con
bur move bel
con move smy
eas move smy
gal move sil
gas move bur
hel move den
hol support bur move bel
gol move wes
mid move wes
mar hold
mos support war
nwy support bot move swe
par support gas move bur
pie move mar
ruh support bur move bel
sev hold
spa/sc support mar
stp support nwy
war hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove mid
build Army mun
build Fleet tri
remove tun
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move ank
bal move ber
bel move bur
bud move ser
bur move ruh
con hold
eas move ion
eng support pic move bel
hel move hol
hol move kie
gol move tys
mar hold
nth move hol
nrg support nth
nwy support swe
par move pic
pic move bel
pie move tus
ruh support mun
sev move ukr
sil hold
smy hold
spa/sc move wes
stp move lvn
swe support nwy
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ven move adr
vie move tyr
war move pru
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move smy
arm move ank
bel support bur move ruh
bur move ruh
con support smy move ank
eas support tys move ion
eng move nth
hel move den
kie support ruh move hol
lvn support pru
mar move gol
mun support ber
nth move den
nrg support eng move nth
nwy hold
pic move bur
pru support sil move ber
ruh move hol
ser move rum
sil move ber
smy move ank
swe support nwy
tri move alb
tus move rom
tyr move ven
tys move ion
ukr move gal
ven move tus
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove eas
build Fleet mar
build Army par
remove swe
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
alb move gre
ank move smy
arm move sev
bel support ruh move hol
ber move bal
bud support vie move gal
bur move ruh
con move ank
eng move nth
gal move war
hel support hol
hol hold
ion hold
kie move den
lvn move mos
gol move tys
mar move spa/sc
mos move ukr
mun hold
nth move ska
nrg support eng move nth
par move bur
pru support gal move war
rom hold
ruh move hol
rum move ukr
sil support mun
smy move aeg
tun support ion
tus move rom
ven support tus move rom
vie move gal
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rom move nap
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move arm
apu move nap
bal support den
bel support ruh move hol
bud move rum
bur move mun
den hold
gal support rum move ukr
gre hold
hel support hol
hol hold
ion hold
lvn move war
mos support lvn move war
mun hold
nap support tys move rom
nth support ruh move hol
nrg support nth
nwy move swe
par move bur
pru support war move sil
rom support apu move nap
ruh move hol
rum move ukr
sev hold
sil move ber
ska move den
smy move ank
spa/sc move mid
tun support ion
tys move rom
ven support rom
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: army/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol move kie
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
remove den
remove ion
build Army mar
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
