PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
rom move apu
sev hold
smy move arm
stp/sc move fin
ven hold
vie move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move gre via convoy
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bul hold
edi move bel via convoy
fin move swe
hol move bel
ion convoy apu move gre
kie move ber
nth convoy edi move bel
nrg move nwy
ruh move mun
rum hold
sil move gal
tri move alb
ukr support sev
ven hold
vie move bud
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support gre
arm move sev
ber move mun
bla support arm move sev
bul support gre move ser
con move sev via convoy
gal move rum
gre move ser
hol move bel
ion move gre
kie move den
mos move sev
mun move bur
nap move tys
sev move rum
tri move vie
ukr support rum
ven move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ion
bla support bul move rum
bud move gal
bul move rum
bur move pic
gal move vie
gre move alb
mos move sev
mun move bur
rum move bud
ser support tri move bud
sev support bul move rum
swe move den
tri move bud
tys move wes
ukr support mos move sev
vie move boh
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove boh
remove gal
build Fleet kie
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army smy
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ion
arm support con move sev
bel move nth
bla support con move sev
bud support ser move tri
bur move par
con move sev via convoy
den support bel move nth
ion move tun
kie move hol
mos move sev
mun support bel move ber
nap move tys
pic support bur move par
rum hold
ser move tri
sev move rum
smy move ank
swe move den
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tyr
vie move boh
war move sil
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move bul
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel support hol move nth
bla support arm move sev
boh move mun
bud support con move rum
bul move rum
con move sev via convoy
den support hol move nth
hol move nth
ion support tys move tun
mun move boh
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
rum hold
sil support boh move mun
spa/sc move por
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
tys move tun
ukr support sev
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Austria: fleet/dislodged tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move kie
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove ank
build Army ber
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move eng
ber move sil
bud move ser
ion move aeg
kie move mun
mun hold
nap move ion
nth move ska
par move bur
por move spa/sc
rom move tys
rum support sev
sev support rum
sil support mun
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri move alb
tun move wes
ukr support sev
ven move pie
vie move boh
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb move gre
ber support kie move mun
boh support mun
bur support kie move mun
den move swe
eng convoy bre move wal
ion move eas
kie move mun
nwy support swe
pie move mar
rum hold
ser support rum move bul
sil move ber
ska support den move swe
spa/sc support pie move mar
swe support nwy
ukr support sev
wes move mid
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm hold
boh support mun
bul hold
con hold
eas move aeg
gre support rum move bul
mid move nat
mar move bur
mun support sil move ber
nap move tys
nwy support swe
rom move ven
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move arm
sil move ber
smy move con
spa/sc move mid
stp/sc move bot
swe support nwy
tys move wes
ukr move war
ven move pie
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
arm move ank
boh move gal
bot move bal
con hold
gre move bul
mid move nat
mar move gas
mun hold
nat move lvp
nwy support swe
pie move mar
ser support gre move bul
sev move rum
smy support aeg move con
swe support nwy
tys move wes
ven move tri
war move pru
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Fleet sev
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank hold
bal move den
bul move rum
con move bla
gal move ukr
gas move par
lvp move cly
mid move bre
mar move bur
mun move ruh
nat move nrg
nap move tys
nwy move nth
pru move sil
rom move ven
rum move bud
ser support bul move rum
sev move bla
smy move con
swe support bal move den
tri move bud
ven move tyr
war move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank hold
ber move kie
bre move pic
bur move mun
cly support nrg move edi
con move bla
den support ber move kie
eng move iri
gal move rum
kie move den
mid move bre
mar move bur
nth move nrg
nrg move edi
par support mid move bre
ruh move hol
rum support tri move bud
ser support rum
sev support gal move rum
sil move mun
ska move nwy
smy move con
swe move nwy
tri move bud
tyr move vie
tys move gol
ukr move mos
ven move tyr
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army/dislodged edi
Italy: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
