PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move bal
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move tun via convoy
arm move sev
bal move ber
bla support arm move sev
bot move swe
bud move rum
bul move ser
bur move bel
edi move nwy via convoy
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move den
mid move spa/sc
nth support edi move nwy
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pie move mar
ruh move mun
rum hold
ser support bud move rum
sil move ber
spa move por
stp move nwy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Army lon
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move swe
bel support lon move hol
ber move sil
bla support bul move rum
bre move mid
bud hold
bul move rum
con move bul
den support bal move swe
gre support ser move bul
ion move aeg
lon move nwy
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun support ber move sil
nap move tys
nth convoy lon move nwy
nrg support lon move nwy
nwy move fin
par move bur
por move spa
rom move tus
rum support mos move sev
ser move bul
sev support bul move rum
sil move ber
smy move aeg
spa/sc move wes
stp move lvn
swe hold
tri move alb
vie move tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
sil move war
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb hold
bel move hol
bla support con move bul
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur move mar
con move bul
den support swe
fin move stp
gre support bul
ion move aeg
lvn move stp
mid move naf
mar support mun move bur
mos support lvn move stp
mun move bur
nth move hol
nrg move bar
nwy support fin move stp
por move spa
rum support con move bul
sev move mos
sil move mun
smy move aeg
swe hold
tri move ser
tun hold
tus move gol
tys support tus move gol
war hold
wes move gol
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move gas
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
remove lvn
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ion
bar support nwy move stp
bel move bur
bla support con move bul
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur move pic
con move bul
gas support spa move mar
gre support ion move aeg
ion move aeg
kie move hol
lon move eng
gol support tys move wes
mar move spa
mos hold
mun move ruh
naf move tun
nth move hol
nwy move stp
rum support con move bul
ser support bul move rum
sev support rum
smy move aeg
spa move mar
stp move lvn
tun move naf
tys move wes
vie move gal
war move ukr
wes move gol
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
Italy: army/dislodged mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
mar move pie
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ser move bul
bar move nwy
bla move con
bud support rum
bul support sev move rum
bur support mar
den move swe
eng move bre
gal support rum
gas move par
gre support ser move bul
ion move eas
kie move hol
lvn move mos
gol support pie move mar
mar move pie
mos support ukr move sev
naf move wes
nth move bel
pic move par
pie move mar
ruh support kie move hol
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move rum
smy move con
spa/sc support naf move wes
stp support lvn move mos
swe move ska
ukr move sev
wes move mid
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move war
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
build Army vie
remove wes
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bel move pic
bre support bel move pic
bud move rum
bul move con
bur support gas move mar
eas support aeg move smy
edi move nth
gal move ukr
gas move mar
gre move aeg
hol support pic move bel
kie move hel
lon move eng
lvp move wal
gol move spa/sc
mid support mar move spa
mar support gol move spa
mos hold
nwy support edi move nth
pic move bel
ruh move mun
rum move sev
ska move nth
spa/sc support gas move mar
stp support nwy
swe move nwy
tun move naf
vie move gal
war hold
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: army/dislodged mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mar move pie
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
bla move rum
bre move mid
bud support rum
bul support aeg move con
bur support mar
con move smy
eas move aeg
edi move nth
eng support bel
gal move war
hel support ska move nth
hol move bel
gol support pie move mar
mid convoy naf move por
mos move ukr
mun move bur
naf move por via convoy
nwy support edi move nth
pic move par
pie move mar
rum support ukr
sev support bla move rum
ska move nth
smy support aeg move con
spa/sc move por
stp support nwy
swe move nwy
ukr support gal move war
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move ank
mar move gas
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove ank
remove bur
build Army kie
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
bel support eng move nth
bre hold
bud move gal
bul hold
con move bla
edi support eng move nth
eng move nth
gal move ukr
gas support spa/sc move mar
hel move nth
hol move bel
gol support mid move spa
mid move spa/nc
mar support mid move spa
mun move ruh
nth move yor
nwy support eng move nth
par move bre
rum support ukr move sev
smy move eas
spa/sc move mar
stp support nwy
ukr move sev
vie hold
wal move lon
war move pru
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army/dislodged mar
France: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
mar move bur
sev move arm
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
arm move ank
bla move ank
bre hold
bul move ser
bur move mar
con move bul/ec
eas move smy
edi support lon move yor
gal support ukr move war
gas support mar
hel move den
hol support ruh move bel
kie move ber
lon move yor
gol support bur move mar
mar move spa/sc
nth support bel
nwy move swe
par move bre
pru move ber
ruh move bel
rum support sev
sev hold
spa/nc move por
stp support mos
swe move nwy
ukr move war
ven move pie
vie hold
yor move nth
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
England: fleet/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/ec
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move eng
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/ec
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army ber
build Army bud
remove edi
remove gas
build Army mun
remove pru
build Army tri
build Army ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/ec
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel support hol
ber move mun
bre move mid
bud move gal
bul/ec move bla
con support bul/ec move bla
den move ska
eng move nth
gal move ukr
hol support bel
kie move den
gol move wes
mar move gas
mos hold
mun move ruh
nth move hel
nwy move ska
par move pic
pie move mar
rum support gal move ukr
ser move bud
sev hold
smy move aeg
spa/sc move wes
stp move nwy
swe move nwy
tri hold
vie hold
war support gal move ukr
yor hold
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bel support hol
bud move vie
con move ank
den move ska
gal hold
gas support pic move bre
hel support yor move den
hol hold
kie move den
gol move spa/sc
mid move bre
mar support gol move spa
mos hold
mun move kie
nth convoy yor move den
nwy move swe
pic move bre
por support gol move spa
ruh move bur
rum hold
sev move mos
stp support mos
swe support kie move den
tri hold
ukr support sev move mos
ven move pie
vie move boh
war support sev move mos
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
England: army/dislodged mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
mos move lvn
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove lvn
build Army nap
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bel support hol
bla hold
boh hold
bud move gal
den support nwy move swe
gal move war
gas support mar move bur
gre move ion
hel support den
hol move kie
kie move den
mid move eng
mar move bur
mos support war move lvn
mun move kie
naf move tun
nth hold
nwy move swe
pie move mar
por move mid
rum hold
ska support kie move den
spa/sc move wes
stp move fin
swe support kie move den
tri hold
ukr support mos
vie hold
war move lvn
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move par
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support hol
bla move con
boh hold
bre support par
bur move par
con move aeg
den support fin move swe
eng move bel
fin move swe
gal hold
gas support bur move par
hel move kie
hol hold
ion convoy nap move gre
kie support mun
lvn move stp
mid move bre
mar support gas
mos support lvn move stp
mun hold
nap move gre via convoy
nth support eng move bel
nwy support fin move swe
par support bre
rum move ser
ska support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri hold
tun move spa via convoy
ukr move war
vie hold
war move lvn
wes convoy tun move spa
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army/dislodged bel
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Germany: army/dislodged par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move ruh
nwy move nrg
par move pic
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bre
build Army bud
build Fleet rom
remove ska
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg hold
bel move hol
boh support gal move sil
bud move vie
con hold
den move kie
gal move sil
gas move bre
hel support bel move hol
hol support pic move bel
ion move tys
kie support hol
lvn move stp
mid move iri
mar move bur
mos support lvn move stp
mun support kie
nth support bel move hol
nrg move nwy
nwy move fin
par support gas move bre
pic move bel
rom move tus
ruh support pic move bel
ser move rum
spa move mar
stp move fin
swe support nrg move nwy
tri support vie move tyr
vie move tyr
war move pru
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg hold
bel hold
boh move mun
bur hold
con hold
den move kie
hel support den move kie
hol support den move kie
iri move lvp
kie support mun move ber
lvn support mos move stp
mid move eng
mar support bur
mos move stp
mun move ber
nth move bel
nwy hold
par support bur
pru move ber
ruh support bel
rum move ukr
sil support boh move mun
stp move fin
swe move fin
tri hold
tus move gol
tyr support boh move mun
tys move wes
vie move boh
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg hold
bel hold
boh move sil
bre move wal via convoy
bur support par move pic
con hold
edi move lvp
eng convoy bre move wal
hel move nth
hol hold
kie support hol
lvn support mos move stp
gol move wes
mar support bur
mos move stp
mun support sil move ber
nap move ion
nth move eng
nwy move stp/nc
par move pic
pru support sil move ber
rom move nap
ruh support bel
sil move ber
stp move fin
swe move fin
tri hold
tyr support mun
ukr move mos
vie move boh
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg hold
bel move hol
ber move kie
bur move ruh
con hold
edi move lvp
eng move lon
hel move nth
hol support nth move bel
lvn support mos move stp
mid move eng
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun support bur move ruh
nth move bel
nwy hold
pic support mar move bur
pru support ber
ruh support bel move hol
sil move ber
stp move fin
swe move fin
tyr support mun
ukr move mos
wal support eng move lon
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg hold
ber move kie
boh move sil
bur move bel
con hold
eng support lon move nth
lon move nth
lvn support mos move stp
mid move nat
mos move stp
mun support ber move kie
pic support bur move bel
pru hold
rom move ven
ruh support bur move bel
sil move ber
stp move fin
tri hold
tyr support mun
ukr move mos
ven move pie
vie move boh
wal move yor
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
England: army/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
kie move den
nth move nrg
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
England: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
bel support ruh move hol
ber support kie
boh hold
eng move nth
fin support stp move nwy
ion move tys
kie support ruh move hol
lvn support mos move stp
mos move stp
mun support kie
nat move nrg
nth move edi
pic move bur
pie move mar
pru hold
ruh move hol
sil hold
stp move nwy
tri support tyr
tyr support mun
ven move pie
yor support nth move edi
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army/dislodged edi
Italy: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Italy: army hol
England: fleet/dislodged hol
England: supply hol
Austria: army kie
England: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
edi disband
hol disband
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove den
build Army rom
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
aeg hold
ber move kie
boh support mun
bud move ser
con hold
fin move swe
gre move ser
kie move den
lvn hold
mun support ber move kie
nat move nrg
nth support kie move den
nrg move edi
nwy support fin move swe
pru support ber
sil support mun
stp move fin
swe hold
tri support tyr
tyr support mun
vie move gal
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Austria: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
boh support tyr
bud move ser
bur move ruh
con move bul/sc
den support kie
edi support nat move nrg
fin support nwy
gal move rum
kie support mun
lvn move stp
mun support kie
nat move nrg
nth support nat move nrg
nrg hold
nwy support swe
pie support ven
pru move ber
rom support ven
sil support mun
swe support nwy
tri support tyr
tyr support tri
ven hold
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: supply con
Austria: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
England: fleet/dislodged nrg
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
nrg disband
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
