PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud support vie move gal
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mun hold
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
smy move arm
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move tri
arm hold
bla support bul move rum
bud support alb move tri
bul move rum
bur move bel
gal move vie
hol support yor move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move por
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
yor move bel
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Army lon
build Fleet nap
build Army par
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
arm move sev
ber move pru
bla support arm move sev
bre support par move pic
bud support alb move tri
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move ruh
lon move nwy via convoy
mun support vie move tyr
nap move apu
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move swe
par move pic
por move mid
rum support arm move sev
spa move gas
tun move ion
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie move tyr
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tyr move boh
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu support ven
bel move nwy
bla move con
boh move vie
bre move eng
bud move ser
bul move ser
bur move bel
gas move bur
ion move gre
mid move iri
nth convoy bel move nwy
nrg move bar
nwy move fin
pic support bur move bel
ruh hold
rum support bul move ser
sev hold
tri move ven
tyr move vie
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
apu move adr
bar support fin move stp
boh support ven move tyr
bre move eng
bud move vie
bur support bel
con move bul/sc
den move swe
eng move wal
fin move stp
gre hold
hol support ruh move bel
iri move lvp
mun move bur
nth support ruh move bel
nwy support fin move stp
pic support bel
pru move sil
rom move ven
ruh move bel
rum support con move bul
ser hold
smy move aeg
swe move ska
tri move adr
tyr move tri
ven move tyr
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet/dislodged stp/sc
Germany: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tyr move pie
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
apu move adr
bar move nrg
bel hold
boh move vie
bul/sc support aeg move gre
gre move alb
hol support bel
mun move tyr
nth move lon
nwy move swe
pie move tus
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sil move boh
ska support nwy move swe
swe move den
tri hold
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
build Fleet smy
remove vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
alb move ion
ank move con
bel hold
boh move vie
bud support rum move ser
bul/sc move gre
con move bul
den hold
gre move ion
hol support bel
kie support den
lon support ska move nth
nrg move nat
rum move ser
sil support tyr move mun
ska move nth
smy move aeg
swe move nwy
tri support boh move vie
tus move ven
tyr move mun
ven move rom
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support alb move ion
aeg move eas
alb move ion
ank move con
bud move vie
bul/sc move aeg
con move bul
gre move alb
hol support bel
kie move ber
lon support nwy move yor
mun support kie move ber
nat move lvp
nth convoy nwy move yor
nwy move yor via convoy
rom move ven
ser move tri
stp move nwy
tri move bud
tus move ven
vie support tri move bud
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Turkey: army/dislodged bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bud move rum
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Army smy
remove tus
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg support eas move ion
alb move adr
bel move ruh
ber move bal
bud support vie move tri
bul move ser
con move bul
eas move ion
hol move bel
lon move wal
mun move bur
nat move lvp
nap support ion
nth move eng
nwy move swe
rom move ven
rum move bud
sil move ber
smy move con
tri move vie
vie move tri
yor support nat move lvp
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
France: fleet/dislodged lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg support eas move ion
alb move tri
bal move kie
bel move pic
bud support ven move tri
bul move gre
con move bul
eas move ion
lon support yor move wal
lvp support yor move wal
mun support ruh move bur
nap support ion
nth move eng
ruh move bur
rum support tri move bud
ser support tri move bud
swe hold
tri move bud
ven move tri
vie support bud
yor move wal
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Italy: army/dislodged bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
France: fleet/dislodged wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg support eas move ion
alb support eas move ion
bel support lon move eng
bud support rum move gal
bur move mar
eas move ion
edi move nwy
gal support vie move bud
ion support adr move alb
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mos move stp
nap support ion
nth convoy edi move nwy
rum move gal
ser move tri
swe move fin
tri support vie move bud
vie move bud
wal support lon
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
England: army fin
Italy: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move ion
alb support ser move tri
ber move mun
bud move vie
bul move ser
eas support aeg move ion
eng move mid
fin move stp
gal support tri move bud
iri support eng move mid
kie move ber
mar hold
mun move bur
nap support ion
nth move eng
nwy support fin move stp
rum move gal
ser move tri
sev move ukr
tri move bud
vie support tri move bud
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
stp move mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army kie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move ion
alb move tri
bel move pic
bud support vie move tri
bur move par
con move bul
eng move bre
gal support bud
iri convoy wal move spa
kie move mun
mid convoy wal move spa
mar move pie
mun move tyr
nap support ion
nwy support stp
rum move bud
ser move tri
stp support nwy
tri move ven
ukr move gal
vie move tri
wal move spa via convoy
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support bud move tri
aeg move ion
alb move adr
ber move bal
bud move tri
bul move ser
den move kie
eas support aeg move ion
eng move bre
gal move bud
iri move mid
mid move por
mun move boh
nap support ion
nwy support stp
par hold
pie move ven
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
spa support mid move por
stp hold
tri move vie
tyr support pie move ven
ukr move gal
vie support bud move tri
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
build Fleet edi
remove gal
build Army lon
build Army mun
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg support eas move ion
alb move adr
ber move pru
boh move vie
bud move vie
con move bul
eas move ion
edi move nth
eng move mid
ion move gre
kie move ber
lon hold
mid move wes
mun support tyr
nap move rom
nwy move stp
por move spa/sc
rum move gal
ser move tri
spa move gas
stp move lvn
tri move ven
tyr support ven
ukr support rum move gal
ven hold
vie move tri
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move ion
alb support ser move tri
bal support pru
ber move sil
boh move vie
bud support gal move vie
gal move vie
gas move bre
ion move tys
lon move nwy via convoy
lvn support stp move mos
mid support gas move bre
mun move boh
nth convoy lon move nwy
par support gas move bre
pru support ber move sil
ser move tri
spa/sc move wes
stp move mos
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr support ven move tri
ukr move gal
ven move tri
vie move tyr
wes move naf
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Germany: army/dislodged ven
Germany: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ven move pie
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bel
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg move ion
alb support aeg move ion
ank move arm
boh move vie
bre move spa via convoy
bud support gal
bul move rum
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move boh
gre move bul
lon move eng
lvn move mos
mid convoy bre move spa
mos move sev
mun support tyr
naf move tun
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move stp
pie move ven
pru move war
rom move tus
sil support pru move war
smy move aeg
tri move tyr
tyr support pie move ven
tys move gol
ven support tri move tyr
vie support tri move tyr
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
tun move tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move gre
alb support tri
arm move sev
boh hold
bud move gal
bul move ser
eng move bel
gal move ukr
ion support tys move tun
gol move mar
mid move eng
mos move stp
mun support tyr
nth hold
nwy move den
par move bur
pie move mar
rum support arm move sev
sev move mos
sil support boh
spa support gol move mar
stp move nwy
tri move tyr
tun hold
tus move pie
tyr hold
tys move tun
ven support tri move tyr
vie move boh
war hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
England: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tun disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army lvp
build Fleet smy
remove tyr
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb move adr
bal move swe
bel move hol
boh move mun
bur support pie move mar
edi move den via convoy
eng convoy lon move bel
gal support ukr move war
gre move ion
ion move nap
lon move bel via convoy
lvp move wal
mid support spa
mos support stp
mun move ruh
nth convoy edi move den
nwy move swe
pie move mar
rum move bud
sil move ber
smy move aeg
stp support mos
tri move ven
tun move wes
tus move pie
ukr move war
ven support tri move tyr
vie move boh
war move gal
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Turkey: fleet/dislodged mar
Turkey: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move gol
war move sil
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move ion
bel move hol
ber move kie
boh move sil
bud move vie
bur move pic
den support hol move kie
eng convoy wal move bel
gal support boh move sil
hol move kie
ion move tun
gol move tys
mid support spa
mar hold
mos support stp
mun support ber move kie
nth support bel move hol
nwy move swe
ruh support ber move kie
ser move tri
spa support gol move mar
stp support mos
tri move ven
wal move bel via convoy
war support boh move sil
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: fleet pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
sil move ber
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: fleet pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army con
build Army edi
build Army lon
remove mar
remove pic
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move bla
bal support ber move kie
bel support edi move hol
ber move kie
con move bul
den support swe
edi move hol via convoy
eng convoy wal move pic
gal move ukr
hol move hel
ion move tys
kie move hol
mid move wes
mos support stp
mun move ber
nap move rom
nth convoy edi move hol
ruh support kie move hol
sil move pru
smy move aeg
spa move mar
stp support mos
swe support den
tri move tyr
tun support tys move wes
tys move wes
ven move pie
vie move boh
wal move pic via convoy
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal move pru
bel support edi move hol
ber support mun
bla move con
boh move sil
bul move ser
den support swe
eng convoy lon move spa
hel support edi move hol
ion move tun
kie move den
lon move spa via convoy
mid convoy lon move spa
mar support lon move spa
mos move sev
mun hold
nth convoy edi move hol
pic move par
pru move lvn
ruh move hol
sev support ukr move mos
stp support mos
swe support den
tun move naf
tyr move boh
tys move gol
ukr move mos
ven move pie
war support ukr move mos
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army lon
remove pru
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel support edi move hol
ber move sil
boh support ven move tyr
con move aeg
den move kie
edi move hol via convoy
eng support mid
hel support den move kie
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
lvn support mos move stp
gol move pie
mid support spa
mar support spa
mos move stp
mun move boh
naf move mid
nth convoy edi move hol
par move bur
rom move tus
ser move tri
sev move ukr
sil support war move pru
smy move eas
spa support mar
stp move lvn
swe move fin
tun move tys
ven move tyr
war move pru
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: army/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
England: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
hol move ruh
kie disband
stp move nwy
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bel move ruh
ber support mun
boh support tyr move mun
bur support mun
eas move aeg
eng support mid
fin move stp
hel move den
hol support bel move ruh
kie support ber
lon move bel via convoy
lvn support stp
mid support spa
mar support spa
mun hold
naf move mid
nth convoy lon move bel
nwy support fin move stp
pie support tys move gol
pru move ber
ruh support mun
sil support tyr move mun
spa support mar
stp hold
tri move ven
tun move naf
tus support tys move gol
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ukr move mos
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
