PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move arm
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move bul/sc
eng move bel
gal move vie
hol support eng move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move por
nth convoy yor move nwy
pic move par
pie support bur move mar
rum hold
ser support bul move rum
tri move vie
ukr move gal
ven move pie
yor move nwy
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move bla
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Fleet ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army con
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army stp
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm move sev
bel support lon move eng
ber move kie
bla move sev
bre move pic
bud move gal
bul/sc move aeg
con move bul
den hold
gal move rum
gre move ion
hol hold
kie move ruh
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mar support mun move bur
mun move bur
nap move tys
nth support nwy
nwy hold
par move bur
pie move mar
por move mid
rum support bud move gal
ser move bud
spa move gas
stp hold
swe hold
tri move alb
tun move wes
ukr support gal move rum
ven move tri
vie support bud move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum disband
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move tri
ank move bla
arm move sev
bel support eng
bla move sev
bud move ser
bul move rum
den hold
eng support bel
gal support bul move rum
gas move spa
hol support kie move hel
ion move nap
iri move mid
kie move hel
mid support gas move spa
mar support ruh move bur
mun move tyr
nth support nwy
nwy hold
par move bur
pic move bre
pie move ven
ruh move bur
rum move ser
stp move nwy
swe hold
tri hold
tys move gol
ukr move war
vie support alb move tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm move sev
bel move pic
bla move rum
bre move eng
bud support gal
bur support bel move pic
con support ank move bla
den move kie
eng support iri move mid
gal move ukr
gas support par move bur
hel move den
hol hold
iri move mid
gol move spa/sc
mid move nat
mar support gol move spa
nap move rom
nth support nwy
nwy hold
par move bur
rum support arm move sev
smy move ank
stp move nwy
swe hold
tri move ven
tyr move mun
ukr move sev
ven hold
vie move tyr
war move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet/dislodged bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla move bul/ec
bur move ruh
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support con move bul
bre hold
bud move ser
bul/ec move rum
bur move bel
con move bul/sc
den move bal
eng support pic move bre
gal move ukr
gas support bre
hol move bel
kie move den
mid move por
mar support mun move bur
mun move bur
nat move lvp
nth support nwy
nwy hold
pic move bre
ruh support hol move bel
rum support arm move sev
spa/sc support mar
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys move rom
ukr support bul/ec move rum
ven support tys move rom
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move par
ven move tus
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove gas
build Army mun
remove por
build Fleet smy
remove spa/sc
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move sev via convoy
bal support den move swe
bel move hol
bla convoy ank move sev
bre move gas
bud move ser
bul/sc move aeg
bur support mar move gas
den move swe
eng support pic move bre
gal support sev move ukr
lvp move wal
mar move gas
mun move sil
nth support nwy
nwy support den move swe
par move bre
pic move bre
rom move nap
ruh move mun
rum support sev move ukr
ser move gre
sev move ukr
smy move eas
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move adr
tus move rom
tyr move ven
tys move nap
ukr move mos
ven move rom
vie move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move mid
swe move ska
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move ion
bal move den
bla move con
bre support eng
bud move rum
bur move par
eng support bre
gal move war
gas support bur move par
gre move bul
hol move bel
mid move por
mos hold
mun move sil
nth move lon
nwy support swe
par move pic
rom move nap
ruh move mun
rum support ukr
ser support bud move rum
sev move mos
ska move den
stp support mos
swe support nwy
tus move rom
tyr move ven
tys support tus move rom
ukr support gal move war
ven move rom
wal move lon
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum disband
war move pru
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
remove eas
build Fleet kie
remove pic
remove pru
remove ska
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
apu support nap
bal move bot
bel move hol
ber move pru
bre support eng move mid
bud move rum
bul support ser move gre
con move bul/sc
eng move mid
gas move mar
ion move tun
kie move den
mos support stp
mun move sil
nap support ven move rom
nth move lon
nwy support swe move fin
par move gas
por move spa/nc
rom support tys move nap
ruh move mun
rum move ukr
ser move gre
sev support ukr move mos
stp support mos
swe move fin
tri move alb
tyr move pie
tys move nap
ukr move mos
ven move rom
wal move iri
war support rum move ukr
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Turkey: army/dislodged ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ukr move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ion
apu move nap
bot support fin move stp
bre hold
bul move ser
con move bul/sc
den hold
fin move stp
gal move vie
gas move spa
gre move bul
hol move bel
iri move mid
lon move wal
mid move por
mar support gas move spa
mos support stp
mun support sil
nap move rom
nwy support fin move stp
pie move tus
pru move lvn
rom move nap
rum support ukr move sev
sev move rum
stp support mos
tys support rom move nap
ukr move sev
ven support nap move rom
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
sev disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army smy
remove tys
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
apu move ion
bel hold
ber move sil
bot move swe
bre move mid
con move bla
den support bot move swe
gal support ser move bud
gre support rum move bul
ion move eas
kie move mun
lon move nth
lvn move mos
mid move iri
mar support spa
mos move war
mun move bur
nap move rom
nwy hold
por support bre move mid
rom move ven
rum move bul
ser move bud
sev move arm
sil move war
smy move con
stp support lvn move mos
tus support nap move rom
ven move tri
vie hold
wal move lvp
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
mos move ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ank move smy
bel move hol
ber move sil
bla support con move bul
bud move vie
bul support sev move rum
bur hold
con move bul
den move ska
eas move smy
gal support bud move vie
gre support bul
lvp hold
mid move wes
mar support spa
mos move sev
mun hold
nth convoy nwy move yor
nwy move yor
sev move rum
sil move war
stp move mos
swe move ska
tri support tus move ven
tus move ven
ukr move rum
ven hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Turkey: army/dislodged vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ven move pie
vie disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
remove iri
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
remove pie
remove ukr
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move smy
ber hold
bla support con move bul
bud move rum
bur move gas
con move bul
den move hel
eas convoy gre move syr
gal move ukr
gre move syr via convoy
hol move bel
ion convoy gre move syr
kie move hol
mar support spa
mos move ukr
mun move boh
nth move edi
rom move tys
sev move arm
sil move boh
stp move lvn
swe move den
tri move ser
ven move rom
vie move bud
war move ukr
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bul move gre
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move ank
ber move sil
bla move ank
bud move rum
eas support syr move smy
gal move ukr
gre support rum move bul
ion support wes move tun
lvn move mos
lvp move iri
mar support spa
mos move sev
mun hold
rom move tys
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sil move war
smy move syr
syr move smy
ven move tri
war move ukr
wes move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Turkey: fleet/dislodged tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bul move con
smy disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move ank
ber move sil
bla support con move bul
bul move con
con move bul
eas support ion move aeg
gas move bur
gre support bul
ion move aeg
kie move ber
mos support sev
rum support bul
ser move bud
sev support war move ukr
sil move war
smy support arm move ank
tri move ven
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bul move ser
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank support aeg move con
ber move pru
bla move con
bul move ser
gal support rum
gre support ser move bul
kie move ber
mos support sev
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sil move war
smy support aeg move con
war move ukr
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove bla
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
