PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move sev
par move pic
sev move bla
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
bla support sev move rum
bot move swe
bud support ser
con move aeg
den move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
kie move den
mid move por
mun move kie
nap move ion
nth move hol
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic move bel
ser support alb move gre
sev move rum
spa hold
ukr move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
bel move ruh
ber move kie
bla support rum
bot move stp/sc
bre hold
bud support vie move gal
bul move gre
con support bul
den move hel
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move boh
gre support ser move bul
hol move nth
ion support gre
kie move den
lon move eng
mar move gol
mun move ruh
nrg convoy edi move nwy
nwy move stp
par move bur
por move spa/sc
rom move apu
rum support war move gal
ser move bul
smy support aeg
spa move mar
tri support bud
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
apu move tun
bel support edi move hol
bla support con move bul
boh support war move gal
bot move stp/sc
bre hold
bud move rum
bul support gre
bur move par
con move bul
den support bot move swe
edi move hol via convoy
eng move lon
gre support bul
hel support kie move hol
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move hol
gol hold
mar move spa
mun move kie
nth convoy edi move hol
nrg move bar
nwy move swe
rum support war move gal
smy move eas
spa/sc move mid
tri move ser
ven move rom
vie hold
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet lvp
build Army tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
bar move stp/nc
bel move hol
bla support rum
boh move vie
bre hold
bud support ser
bul move ser
eas move ion
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move bud
gre support ion
hel move hol
ion support gre
kie support den
lon move eng
lvp move nat
gol hold
mid move naf
nth convoy edi move nwy
par move bur
rom move ven
rum support gal move bud
ser support bud
spa move mar
stp/sc move fin
swe move den
tri support bud
vie move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
bla support rum
boh move vie
bre move eng
bud support ser
bur move par
eng move nth
fin move stp/sc
gal move bud
gre support ion
hel support kie move hol
ion support gre
kie move hol
gol hold
mar hold
mun move kie
naf move mid
nat move nrg
nth move den
nwy support swe
rum support gal move bud
ser support bud
stp/nc hold
swe support nth move den
tri support bud
ven support tri
vie move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
bla move bul/ec
bud support vie move gal
den support nth move hel
eng move bre
fin move stp/sc
gal support rum
gre support ion move aeg
hel move nth
ion move aeg
kie support hol
lon hold
gol hold
mid hold
mar hold
mun move ruh
nap move ion
nth move hel
nrg move cly
nwy move stp
par move bur
rum support bla move bul
ser support gre
stp/nc move bar
swe support den
tri support bud
ven move tyr
vie move gal
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move war
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy tun move bul
bar support nwy move stp
bel hold
bre hold
bud support gal move rum
bul/ec hold
bur support bel
cly hold
den support hel move kie
fin move stp/sc
gal move rum
gre support tun move bul
hel move kie
hol support ruh move bel
ion convoy tun move bul
lon move nth
gol hold
mid hold
mar hold
nwy move stp
ruh move bel
rum move ser
ser support tun move bul
swe hold
tri support ser
tun move bul via convoy
tyr move mun
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet/dislodged bul/ec
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul/ec move bla
rum move sev
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove fin
build Army lon
build Fleet nap
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
bar move nwy
bel move hol
bla support sev move rum
bud support vie move gal
bul move con
bur move ruh
cly move nat
den move bal
gal support sev move rum
gre move bul/sc
ion move eas
kie support bel move hol
lon move den via convoy
gol convoy mar move tus
mid move wes
mar move tus via convoy
mun support bur move ruh
nap move tys
nth convoy lon move den
rum support vie move gal
ser support rum
sev move rum
stp move mos
swe move fin
tri move vie
ven move tyr
vie move gal
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army con
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Germany: army/dislodged ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move war
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bal convoy den move ber
bla move ank
bre hold
bud support vie move gal
bul/sc support con
con support aeg move smy
den move ber via convoy
fin move stp
gal move ukr
hol hold
ion move tun
kie support den move ber
gol move tys
mos move sev
mun hold
nat move nrg
nth hold
nwy move swe
ruh move mun
rum support gal move ukr
ser support rum
sev support war move mos
tus move rom
tyr move ven
tys move rom
vie move gal
war move mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
England: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move lvn
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Army mar
build Fleet rom
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support con
bal support kie
ber support ruh move mun
bre hold
bud move gal
bul/sc hold
gal move sil
hol hold
ion move tun
kie support ber
lon move den via convoy
lvn move mos
gol support tus
mar move pie
mos support war
mun move bur
nth convoy lon move den
nrg hold
rom support tys
ruh move mun
rum move sev
ser move rum
sev support mos
smy move aeg
stp support lvn move mos
swe move bot
tus hold
tys support ven move tus
ukr support rum move sev
ven move tus
vie support bud move gal
war support mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank move bla
arm move sev
bal convoy den move pru
ber support mun
bot support lvn
bre hold
bul/sc support con
bur move par
den move pru via convoy
gal move war
hol move bel
kie support ber
lvn support stp move mos
gol support wes move tys
mos support arm move sev
mun hold
nth hold
nrg hold
pie support tus move ven
rom move tus
rum support sev
sev support ukr
sil support gal move war
stp move mos
tun support tys
tus move ven
tys support rom move tus
ukr support gal move war
ven support rom move tus
vie move gal
war support mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ven move tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army edi
build Army mar
remove smy
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support pru
bel move pic
ber move sil
bla move arm
bot support lvn
bre hold
edi move nwy via convoy
gal support war
kie hold
lvn support mos move war
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos move war
mun support pie move tyr
nth hold
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pie move tyr
pru support mos move war
rum support sev
sev support ukr move mos
sil move pru
tri support tyr move ven
ukr move mos
ven move tus
vie move boh
war support ukr move mos
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
England: army/dislodged mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move stp
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal move lvn
ber move sil
boh move tyr
bot move lvn
bre hold
bul/sc move aeg
gal support war
kie hold
lvn move mos
mos support war
mun support ber move sil
nth hold
nrg hold
nwy move fin
pic move par
pie move ven
pru move war
rum move bul
sev support mos
sil move mun
stp support lvn move mos
tri support boh move tyr
tyr move boh
tys move nap
ven move tus
war support mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Austria: army/dislodged mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: army/dislodged sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: army/dislodged tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move ukr
sil move boh
tyr move vie
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
remove tyr
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
arm move sev
bal support fin move lvn
boh move vie
bot convoy fin move lvn
bre hold
bul move con
con move ank
fin move lvn via convoy
gal support boh move vie
kie hold
mar move gol
mos support arm move sev
mun hold
nap move rom
nth hold
nrg hold
pic move par
pie move tyr
pru support sil move war
sev move mos
sil move war
stp support mos
tri support boh move vie
tus move rom
ukr support war
ven move tri
vie move bud
war support ukr
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army/dislodged sev
Russia: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
France: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
sev move rum
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
France: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bal hold
bot support lvn
bre hold
bud move rum
con support aeg move smy
gal move bud
kie hold
lvn support pru move war
gol move wes
mos support pru move war
mun move tyr
nap support tys move rom
nth hold
nrg hold
pic move par
pru move war
rum support ukr move sev
sev support bud move rum
sil move gal
stp support mos
tri support vie
tus move pie
tyr move vie
tys move rom
ukr move sev
ven move tri
vie support tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove ank
build Army lon
build Army mar
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal hold
bot hold
bre hold
bud move ser
con move ank
gal move bud
kie hold
lon move den via convoy
lvn support war
mar move pie
mos support sev
mun move bur
nap move apu
nth convoy lon move den
nrg hold
par move gas
pic move par
pie move gol
rom move tys
rum move ser
sev support bud move rum
sil move gal
smy move con
stp support mos
tri support vie
tun move ion
tyr move tri
ukr move rum
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tri
war support sil move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
Italy: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
gal move boh
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
Italy: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
apu move ion
bal convoy den move pru
boh move tyr
bot hold
bre move mid
bud move ser
bur move mar
con move bla
den move pru via convoy
gal move rum
gas move spa
ion move gre
kie hold
lvn support war
gol move mar
mos move ukr
nth hold
nrg hold
par hold
pie support bur move mar
rum move ser
sev support gal move rum
stp move mos
tri support boh move tyr
tun hold
tyr move mun
tys move nap
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie support boh move tyr
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
Italy: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
England: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: army ukr
Austria: army/dislodged ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
rum disband
ukr disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
remove gre
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
bal hold
bot hold
bre hold
bud move ser
edi move den via convoy
ion move gre
kie hold
lvn move war
gol support spa move mar
mid move por
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nap move ion
nth convoy edi move den
nrg move cly
par move gas
pie support mun move tyr
pru move sil
rum move bul
sev move arm
spa move mar
tun move wes
ukr move rum
ven move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: supply bud
England: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move bur
tyr disband
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: supply bud
England: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal move den
bot move bal
bre move mid
bul move con
bur support pie move mar
cly move nat
den move bel via convoy
gal move bud
gas support wes move spa
gre hold
ion support gre
kie move hol
gol convoy mar move tus
mar move tus via convoy
nth convoy den move bel
pie move mar
por support wes move spa
rum move bul
ser hold
sil move mun
tyr move tri
ukr move rum
ven support tyr move tri
war move ukr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: supply bre
England: army bud
France: supply bud
England: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
tri disband
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
England: army bul
England: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army con
England: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
