PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move pru
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon hold
lvp hold
mar move pie
mun move ruh
nap move apu
par move bur
rom move tus
smy move arm
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move boh
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
boh move gal
bul hold
hol support nth move bel
lon hold
lvp move wal
nth move bel
pru hold
ruh move mun
ser move rum
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Army lvp
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel hold
bla support bul move rum
bud move ser
bul move rum
con move aeg
edi move nrg
gal move war
hol move nth
kie move den
lon hold
mun hold
pru move war
rum hold
sev support bul move rum
smy support con move aeg
vie move gal
wal move lon
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bel hold
bla move bul/ec
den hold
gal move rum
gre support ser move bul
lon move eng
mun move bur
nth move nwy
nrg move nat
pru move war
rum hold
ser move bul
sev support rum
smy move eas
vie move bud
wal hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
build Army kie
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
bel move pic
ber move sil
bla support con move bul
bud move rum
con move bul
eas move ion
eng support wal move bre
gal support bud move rum
gre support ser move bul
kie move ruh
mun support kie move ruh
nat move mid
nwy move ska
pru move war
rum hold
ser move bul
sev support rum
vie move bud
wal move bre via convoy
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bla support con move bul
bud move rum
con move bul
den move swe via convoy
gal support bud move rum
gre support ser move bul
ion move tun
mid move por
mun move bur
pic support wal move bre
pru support sil move war
ruh support mun move bur
rum hold
ser move bul
sev support rum
sil move war
vie move gal
wal move bre via convoy
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: fleet por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
build Army lon
build Army mun
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
ber move mun
bla support rum
bud move rum
bul move gre
bur move gas
con move bul
eng move bre
gal support bud move rum
gre support ser move bul
mun move tyr
pic support eng move bre
por move spa/sc
pru move lvn
ruh move bur
rum hold
ser move bul
sev support rum
ska move nth
swe move fin
tun move ion
vie move bud
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
gre move alb
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move gre
bla support rum
bre hold
bud move rum
bur support gas move mar
con move bul
fin move stp
gal support bud move rum
gas move mar
gre hold
ion move nap
lvn support fin move stp
pic move eng
rum hold
ser move bul
sev support rum
spa/sc hold
tyr move pie
vie move bud
war move mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet/dislodged stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Army lvp
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move arm
ber move sil
bla support sev move rum
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move cly
gal support bud move rum
gre support rum move ser
kie move mun
lon move pic via convoy
lvn support stp move mos
lvp move yor
mar support pie
mun move tyr
nap move tys
rum move ser
ser support bud move rum
sev move rum
smy move aeg
spa/sc move wes
stp move mos
vie support bud
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ser move tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bla support sev move rum
bre move mid
bud move rum
bul support ser
bur move par
cly move nat
eng hold
gal support bud move rum
gre support ser
ion move tun
lon move bel via convoy
lvn support mos
mar move pie
mos hold
mun move boh
pie move ven
ser hold
sev move rum
sil move gal
tri move ser
tyr support pie move ven
tys move gol
vie move tri
wal move pic via convoy
war support sil move gal
wes move gol
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
gal move ukr
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Army mun
remove ukr
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ber move sil
bla support bul move rum
boh move vie
bud move ser
bul move rum
gal support boh move vie
gre move nap via convoy
ion convoy gre move nap
kie move ber
lon move bel via convoy
lvn move war
mid move wes
mun support boh
nat move mid
par move bur
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
tri support bud move ser
tun move wes
tyr move tri
tys support tun move wes
ven support tyr move tri
vie move bud
wal move pic via convoy
war move ukr
wes move gol
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ber move pru
bla hold
ion move tun
lon move bel via convoy
lvn move stp
gol move mar
mid move spa/sc
mos support war
mun move tyr
nat move mid
nap move rom
rum move gal
ser move tri
sev support ukr
sil move boh
tri move alb
tys support nap move rom
ukr hold
ven move tri
vie support gal
war support mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Germany: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
