PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move apu
sev move arm
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move tun via convoy
arm move ank
bla support bul move rum
bot move swe
bul move rum
con move ank
edi move den via convoy
hol support ruh move bel
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move ruh
mid move por
nth convoy edi move den
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
ruh move bel
ser support alb move gre
sev move rum
tri hold
ukr support sev move rum
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
build Army mar
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
arm move ank
bel support ruh move bur
bla support bul move rum
bud support sev move rum
bul move rum
con move smy
den hold
gre support ser move bul
hol hold
ion move eas
kie hold
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar support par move bur
mun support ruh move bur
nap move ion
nth support den
nwy hold
par move bur
pic support par move bur
por move spa/sc
ruh move bur
ser move bul
sev move rum
spa move gas
tri move ser
ukr move sev
vie move tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move con
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm move ank
bel support ruh move bur
bla support ank move arm
bud move tri
bul support sev move rum
den move swe
eas convoy tun move syr
eng move bel
gas move bur
gre support bul
hol support bel
ion convoy tun move syr
kie hold
mar support gas move bur
mun support ruh move bur
nth support eng move bel
nwy support den move swe
par support gas move bur
pic support eng move bel
ruh move bur
ser move tri
sev move rum
smy support ank move arm
tri move vie
tun move syr via convoy
ukr support sev move rum
wal hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet/dislodged arm
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm disband
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Fleet sev
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
bla move ank
bud hold
bul hold
bur move ruh
con support smy
eas move smy
edi move nrg
gre move aeg
hol move bel
ion move aeg
kie move den
lon move eng
mar support bur
mos move stp
mun support ruh
nth support bel move hol
nwy move stp/nc
par move pic
pic move bel
ruh support hol move bel
ser support bul
sev move arm
stp/nc move bar
swe move den
syr support eas move smy
tri move alb
ukr move sev
vie move tri
wal move lon
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol move hel
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
arm move bla
bar support mos move stp
bel move ruh
bud move vie
bul move con
bur support bel move ruh
con move ank
eas support syr move smy
eng convoy lon move bre
gre move aeg
hel support kie move hol
hol move kie
ion move aeg
kie move hol
lon move bre via convoy
mar support bur
mos move stp
mun move bur
nth move den
nrg move bar
nwy support nrg move bar
pic move bel
ruh support kie move hol
rum hold
ser move bud
sev move arm
swe move fin
syr move smy
tri hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
England: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol move nth
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Army nap
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move adr
ank support con
arm move bla
bar support fin move stp
bel support pic
bre move gas
bud move ser
bul support gre
bur move par
con support ank
den support nth move hel
eas support smy
eng move nth
fin move stp
gre support bul
hel move nth
hol support hel move nth
ion move tys
mar move gas
mos support stp
mun support ruh move kie
nth move hel
nwy hold
pic support bel
ruh move kie
sev move arm
spa/sc move por
tri hold
vie move tyr
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank support con
arm support rum move ank
bar support fin move stp
bel support pic
bla convoy rum move ank
bre hold
bul move con
con support ank
den hold
eas move ion
eng support bre
fin move stp
gre support adr move ion
hel move den
hol move nth
kie support hel move den
mar move gas
mun support kie
nap move rom
nth move hel
nwy support fin move stp
par move bre
pic support par move bre
por move mid
rum move ank via convoy
ser move alb
smy support bul move con
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys move gol
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move ska
stp move lvn
ven move tus
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet tri
remove tus
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tun via convoy
ank support bla move con
arm move smy
bar support stp
ber move bal
bla move con
bre move wal via convoy
con move bul
den support ber move bal
eas move aeg
eng convoy bre move wal
gas move mar
gre move aeg
hel move hol
ion convoy alb move tun
kie support den
lvn move stp
gol move spa/sc
mid move spa/nc
mos support lvn move stp
mun hold
nth move hol
nwy move nth
par move bre
pic support par move bre
rom move nap
ska move swe
stp hold
tri move adr
tyr move pie
ven move rom
vie move tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move smy
arm support ank move smy
bal move swe
bar support stp move nwy
bul hold
con support ank move smy
den support bal move swe
eas support smy
eng move nth
gre support adr move ion
hel support swe move den
ion move nap
kie move hol
lvn support mos move stp
mos move stp
mun move kie
nth move edi
nwy move swe
pie hold
rom support ion move nap
stp move nwy
swe move den
tri move ven
tun hold
wal move lon
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army/dislodged nap
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Italy: army/dislodged smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move ska
nap disband
smy move syr
stp move fin
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bar
build Army bud
remove eas
remove lon
remove gol
build Army mos
build Army par
build Army sev
remove syr
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal support ska move swe
bel move ruh
bre move pic
bud move rum
bul move rum
den support hel move kie
edi move cly
fin move swe
gre move ion
hel move kie
hol support kie
ion move tys
kie support hol
lvn move pru
mid move iri
mos move war
nap move rom
nth move hol
nwy support fin move swe
par move bur
pic move bel
pie hold
rom move ven
sev move ukr
ska move swe
smy move arm
stp hold
tun hold
ven move tyr
vie hold
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move mun
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal move swe
bel move hol
bud move rum
bul move rum
bur move mun
cly move edi
den support kie
fin move swe
hol move kie
ion move tun
iri move lvp
kie support pru move ber
mun support hol move kie
nth move edi
nwy move ska
pic move bel
pie hold
pru move ber
rom move tys
ruh support bel move hol
sev move ukr
sil support pru move ber
ska support bal move swe
stp move lvn
tun move naf
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ukr move gal
ven support tyr
vie hold
war move pru
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
build Fleet bre
remove mun
build Army par
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support hol
ber move mun
bre move mid
bud move rum
bul move rum
bur move mar
cly move edi
den move hel
fin move nwy
gal move boh
kie move hol
lvn move stp
lvp move wal
mar move spa
naf move tun
nth move edi
nwy move nrg
par move gas
pie move mar
pru move ber
ruh move bur
sev move ukr
sil support ber move mun
ska move nwy
stp/sc move bot
tun move wes
tyr support ber move mun
tys move gol
ukr move gal
ven move pie
vie hold
wes move naf
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move bur
ber support kie
boh move vie
bot move swe
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur move mar
cly move lvp
con move bul/sc
fin move nwy
gal support boh move vie
gas support bur move mar
hel move den
hol support kie
kie hold
gol support pie move mar
mid move por
naf move mid
nth support nrg move edi
nrg move edi
pie move mar
ruh support bel move bur
sil move boh
ska move den
stp support fin move nwy
tun hold
tyr support vie
ukr move rum
ven move pie
vie support tyr
wal move iri
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bel
build Army sev
remove ska
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support mun
boh move vie
bud hold
bul move con
bur move mar
con move bul/sc
edi move cly
gal support boh move vie
gas support spa
hel move hol
iri move mid
kie support hel move hol
lvp hold
gol move tys
mid move wes
mun move tyr
nth convoy nwy move bel
nwy move bel via convoy
pie support tyr
por support spa
ruh move bur
sev move rum
sil support boh
swe hold
tun move naf
tyr support vie
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tri
vie hold
war support gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army/dislodged hol
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
hol move ruh
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel hold
ber move kie
bud move gal
bul move rum
bur move mun
cly move lvp
con support rum move bul
gal support vie move bud
gas move par
hol support bel
kie support hol
lvp hold
mid move eng
mun support ber move kie
naf move tun
nth move eng
pie move ven
por move mid
ruh support bur move mun
rum move bul
sil move boh
spa move gas
stp move nwy
swe move den
tri support tyr move vie
tun move ion
tyr move vie
tys move nap
ukr move rum
vie move bud
war move sil
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move ser
bul move gre
mun move tyr
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove gas
build Fleet sev
build Fleet stp/nc
remove tys
build Army war
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber move kie
boh support sil move mun
bud move ser
bul support bud move ser
cly move nrg
con move smy
den support ber move kie
gal support tyr move vie
gre support ser move bul
hol move hel
ion move eas
kie move ber
lvp hold
mid move nat
mar move bur
mun support kie move ber
nap move ion
nth move den
nwy move swe
por move mid
ruh support mun
rum support bud move ser
ser move bul
sev move bla
sil move mun
stp/nc move nwy
tri move alb
tun hold
tyr move vie
ven support vie move tri
vie move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: army/dislodged bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move con
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support gre move ser
ber move kie
bla support rum move bul
boh support sil move mun
bul support gre move ser
bur support mun
con support rum move bul
den move nth
eas support ion move aeg
gal move bud
gre move ser
hel support kie move den
hol move kie
ion move aeg
kie move den
lvp hold
mid move nat
mun support ven move tyr
nat move nrg
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
ruh support mun
rum move bul
ser move tri
sil move mun
swe support nwy
tri support gre move ser
tun hold
ven move tyr
vie support gal move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move gre
den move bal
ser move rum
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
remove tun
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ser move bul
alb support tri
bal move den
ber support sil move mun
bla move bul/ec
boh support sil move mun
bud support bul move ser
bul move ser
bur support mun
con support smy
den support hol move kie
eas move smy
edi move lvp
gre support ser move bul
hel support den
hol move kie
lvp hold
mid move eng
nat support edi move lvp
nth move ska
nrg move bar
nwy move nth
par move pic
ruh support mun
rum support bul move ser
ser move bul
sil move mun
smy hold
swe support bal move den
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
vie support bud
war move sil
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
Germany: fleet/dislodged lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lvp move cly
vie move gal
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
alb support ser
bal support swe
bar move stp/nc
ber support sil move mun
bla support bul
boh support gal move vie
bud support gal move vie
bul support con
bur move mun
cly move edi
con support smy
den support ska move swe
eas move smy
eng move nth
gal move vie
gre support ser
hel move hol
kie support mun move ber
lvp hold
mun move ber
nat move nrg
pic move bel
ruh support bur move mun
rum support bud
ser support vie move bud
sil move mun
ska move swe
smy move aeg
swe move nwy
tri support vie move bud
vie move bud
war move lvn
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: army/dislodged ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Russia: fleet/dislodged smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
bud move gal
smy disband
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
build Fleet lon
remove lvn
build Army mar
remove nth
remove nwy
build Army par
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul
alb support ser
bel move ruh
ber support ruh move mun
bla support con
boh move vie
bud support tri move vie
bul support rum move ser
den move nth
edi move nth
eng hold
gal support boh move vie
gre move bul
hol support kie
kie support ber
lon support den move nth
lvp move cly
mar move pie
mun move tyr
nrg move bar
par move bur
pru move ber
ruh move mun
rum move ser
ser support gre move bul
sil support pru move ber
smy move con
stp/nc move nwy
swe move bal
tri move vie
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
alb move gre
bal convoy ber move lvn
bar move stp/nc
ber move lvn via convoy
bla support con
boh move mun
bud hold
bul move con
bur move mun
cly move edi
edi hold
gal support rum move bud
hol support kie
kie support mun move ber
lon hold
mun move ber
nth support cly move edi
nwy hold
pie support tyr
pru move ber
ruh support bur move mun
rum move bud
ser support bud
sil support boh move mun
smy support bul move con
tri support bud
tyr support bur move mun
vie move tri
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army con
Russia: army/dislodged con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
Germany: fleet/dislodged edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move ank
edi move nrg
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army lvp
remove nrg
build Army par
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move con
bal convoy kie move lvn
boh move mun
bud support tri move vie
con move bul
edi move den via convoy
gal move bud
gre support con move bul
hol move hel
kie move lvn via convoy
lon hold
lvn move mos
lvp move yor
mun support ber
nth convoy edi move den
nwy move nrg
par move bur
pie support tyr
pru move ber
ruh support mun
rum move bul
ser support bud
sil support boh move mun
smy support aeg move con
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
vie support gal move bud
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
France: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
bal convoy den move lvn
boh support gal move vie
bud move gal
bul move rum
bur support mun
con hold
den move lvn via convoy
gal move bud
gre move bul
hel convoy yor move kie
lon move wal
lvn move war
mos support lvn move war
mun support tyr move boh
nth convoy yor move kie
nrg hold
pie move tyr
pru support sil move ber
ruh support mun
rum support gal move bud
ser support bul move rum
sil move ber
smy hold
tyr move boh
vie support tyr move boh
yor move kie via convoy
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
Russia: army/dislodged boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
France: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
boh move sil
rum move sev
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove ber
build Army lon
build Army par
remove pru
remove sil
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bal move ber
boh move gal
bud move gal
bul move con
bur hold
con move bla
hel support kie
kie support bal move ber
lon move hol via convoy
lvn support war
mos support war move ukr
nth convoy lon move hol
nrg move nwy
par move bre
ruh move bel
rum move ukr
ser move rum
sev move rum
smy support bul move con
tri move adr
vie support bud move gal
war support rum move ukr
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
gal move sil
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
France: army mos
France: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
ank move con
ber support hel move kie
bla support ukr move sev
con move ank
gal move ukr
hel move kie
hol move bel
kie move ruh
lvn support war move mos
mos support ukr move sev
nth support hol move bel
nwy hold
ser move rum
sev move rum
smy hold
ukr move sev
vie move tri
wal move iri
war move mos
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
France: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
sev move arm
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
remove boh
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
remove sil
build Army tri
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
ank move con
bel move bur
ber move kie
bla support con move ank
bud move gal
bur move bel
con move ank
edi move yor
eng move mid
iri support lon move eng
kie move hel
lon move eng
lvn move war
lvp move wal
mos support nwy move stp
mun move ruh
nth move bel
nwy move stp/nc
pic support bur move bel
ruh support bel move bur
ser move rum
sev move mos
smy hold
tri move vie
tyr move mun
ukr move war
vie move boh
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Russia: army/dislodged ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
England: army/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank disband
bel move hol
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank hold
bel move hol
bla move con
boh move sil
bre move lon via convoy
eng convoy wal move pic
gal move war
hel move kie
hol support ruh move bel
iri move mid
kie move ber
lvn move war
mid move nat
mos move stp
mun move ber
nth convoy yor move den
nwy support mos move stp
pic support bel
ruh move bel
rum move gal
sev move mos
smy move aeg
stp/nc move nwy
tyr move mun
ukr support gal move war
ven move tri
vie move tri
wal move pic via convoy
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
France: supply stp
France: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
bel move bur
stp/nc disband
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove lvn
build Army tri
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move arm
bel support hol move ruh
bre support pic
bud move vie
bur move gas
con move aeg
den support hel move kie
eng convoy wal move bre
gal move war
hel move kie
hol move ruh
kie move bal
mid support wal move bre
mos move stp
mun move ber
nat move cly
nth support bel
nwy move nrg
pic support bre
sil support mun move ber
stp hold
tri move ven
tyr move mun
ukr move mos
ven move apu
vie move tyr
wal move bre via convoy
war move pru
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move nap
arm move sev
bal support kie move ber
bel move bur
ber move kie
bre support pic
cly move lvp
den move kie
eng convoy wal move por
gas move spa
ion move tun
kie move ber
mid convoy wal move por
mos support war move lvn
mun support ber move kie
nth move bel
nrg hold
pic support bre
pru support war move lvn
ruh support den move kie
sil support tyr move mun
tyr move mun
ukr move war
ven move pie
vie move boh
wal move por via convoy
war move lvn
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: army por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
