PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move nap
sev move rum
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war move lvn
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move aeg
gal move vie
ion convoy nap move tun
kie move hol
lvn move war
mid move por
nap move tun via convoy
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
pie move tus
ruh support kie move hol
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
smy move con
tyr move ven
ukr move war
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army mun
build Fleet rom
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move gre
bud support vie move gal
bul support con move gre
con move gre via convoy
gre support ser move bul
ion move tys
kie move hel
lon move eng
lvn move stp
mar move bur
mun support ruh move bur
nth convoy yor move bel
nwy hold
pic move bel
por move spa/sc
rom support ven move tus
ruh move bur
rum support bul
ser move bul
sev support rum
smy move eas
swe hold
tri hold
tus move rom
ukr move gal
ven move tus
vie move gal
war support ukr move gal
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army/dislodged tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
tus move pie
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
bud move vie
bul move gre
bur move par
con move bul
eas move ion
eng move bre
gre hold
hel move hol
hol move bel
mar move bur
mun move tyr
nth convoy yor move bel
nwy hold
pic move bre
pie move ven
rom move tus
rum move bla
ser support gre
sev move rum
spa/sc hold
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move tyr
tun move naf
tus move ven
tys move gol
ukr move gal
vie move boh
war support ukr move gal
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
nwy move nrg
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army kie
remove nrg
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
bla move sev
boh support tri move tyr
bul move gre
bur move ruh
con move bul
den move nth
eng move bre
gal move bud
gre move bul/sc
hel support den move nth
hol hold
ion support bul move gre
kie move mun
gol move tys
mun move bur
naf move tun
nth convoy yor move bel
nwy hold
par support mun move bur
pic move bre
pie move mar
rom move nap
rum support gal move bud
ser move bud
spa/sc hold
stp/nc move bar
swe support nwy
tri move tyr
tus move ven
vie move bud
war move gal
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
gre move alb
nth move nrg
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support ion
alb move gre
bar move nrg
boh move vie
bud support gal
bul support gre
bur move bel
eng move bel
gal support bud
hel move kie
hol move ruh
ion support gre
mar hold
nap support tys move ion
nth support bur move bel
nrg hold
nwy hold
pic move bre
ruh move bel
rum support bud
ser move bud
sev support rum
spa/sc move mid
swe support nwy
tyr move tri
tys move ion
ven move tri
vie support ser move bud
yor move lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ber
build Fleet smy
remove tyr
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bar move nrg
bel support hol move ruh
ber move sil
boh move gal
bre hold
bud move vie
bul support gre move ser
eng convoy lon move bre
gal support bud move vie
gre move ser
hol move ruh
ion move alb
lon move bre via convoy
mid move iri
mar support ruh move bur
mun support ber move sil
nap move ion
nth move edi
nrg move bar
par move bur
ruh move bur
rum move bud
ser move bud
sev move rum
smy move eas
swe support nwy
tys support nap move ion
ven move tri
vie support boh move gal
war support gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb move tri
bar hold
bel support ruh move bur
boh support vie move gal
bre support bur move par
bud support gal move vie
bul move gre
bur move par
eas move ion
eng support par move bre
gal move vie
ion move adr
iri move lvp
kie move den
lon move lvp
mar support bur
mun support sil move boh
nrg move edi
par move bre
ruh move bur
rum move gal
ser support alb move tri
sev move rum
sil move boh
tri hold
tun move rom via convoy
tys convoy tun move rom
vie move gal
war support rum move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Austria: army/dislodged boh
Germany: army bre
France: army/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
boh disband
bre move gas
tri move ven
vie disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
remove eng
build Fleet kie
remove lon
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg support ion
bar move nwy
bel move pic
boh support mun move tyr
bre support bur move par
bud move vie
bur move par
con move bul
edi move yor
gal support vie move boh
gas move bre
gre move apu via convoy
ion convoy gre move apu
kie move hel
lvp move cly
mar move bur
mun move tyr
nrg move nth
nwy move swe
par support gas move bre
rom move nap
ser support tri
smy move eas
stp/sc move bot
swe move ska
tri hold
tys move tun
ven move tri
vie move boh
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: army/dislodged boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
boh move mun
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg support eas move ion
apu move ven
boh support vie move tyr
bot move bal
bre support pic move par
bul move gre
bur move gas
cly move edi
den move nth
eas move ion
gal support boh
gas support par
hel support den move nth
ion move tys
mar move bur
mun move ber
nth move edi
nwy support ska move nth
par hold
pic move par
ser support tri
sil move ber
ska move nth
swe move den
tri support apu move ven
tyr move pie
ven support adr move tri
vie move tyr
yor move lon
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
remove nth
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg support ion
apu move ven
bal support nwy move den
ber support mun move sil
boh support tyr move mun
bre move gas
bur support pie move mar
cly move edi
den move bal
gal support sil
gas support mar
gre move tus via convoy
hel support lon move nth
ion convoy gre move tus
kie support den move bal
lon move nth
mar hold
mun move sil
nap move rom
nwy move nth
par support bre move gas
pie move mar
ser support tri
sil support tyr move mun
ska move den
swe support ska move den
tri support apu move ven
tyr move mun
tys convoy gre move tus
ven move tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet/dislodged bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
France: army/dislodged gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move pru
gas move spa
mun move ruh
ven move tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support hel move den
ber move mun
boh support mun
bur support ber move mun
den move kie
edi hold
gal move vie
gas move spa
hel move den
ion move adr
mar support gas move spa
mun support den move kie
nth support hel move den
nwy move nth
par move pic
pru move ber
ruh support ber move mun
ser support tri
sil support mun
spa hold
swe move den
tri support ven
tus support ven
tys move rom
ven hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move ska
spa move por
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal move ber
ber move mun
boh support vie move tyr
bur support ber move mun
edi hold
ion move nap
kie support bal move ber
mar move pie
mun move ber
nth move eng
nwy support swe
pic move bel
por move spa
pru support mun move ber
ruh support ber move mun
ser support tri
sil support mun move ber
ska support swe
smy move eas
stp/sc move bot
swe support nwy
tri support ven
tus support ven
tys support ion move nap
ven hold
vie move tyr
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal support den move swe
bel move lon via convoy
ber move mun
boh move mun
bot move bal
bur support ber move mun
den move swe
eas move ion
edi move cly
eng convoy bel move lon
ion move tun
mun move ber
nap move rom
nwy move nth
pie move tyr
por move spa
pru support mun move ber
ruh support ber move mun
ser move tri
sil support mun move ber
ska support swe move den
swe move den
tri move alb
tus move pie
tyr support boh move mun
tys move gol
ven support tus move pie
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Germany: army/dislodged pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move hel
pie move mar
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army con
build Army smy
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ion
ber support ruh move kie
boh support mun
bot move bal
bur move mun
cly hold
con move bul
den move kie
eng support hel move nth
hel move nth
ion move tun
kie move hol
gol support por move spa
mun hold
nap move rom
nth move hel
pie move mar
por move spa
pru move ber
ruh move kie
sil support pru move ber
ska move nth
smy move con
spa support mar
stp/sc move bot
tun move wes
tyr support mun
ven support nap move rom
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Germany: army/dislodged spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
nth move nrg
spa move gas
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support mun move kie
ber support mun move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bot move swe
bul move ser
bur move mun
cly move edi
con move bul
den hold
eng move mid
gas support mar move spa
hol move nth
ion move tun
lon move yor
gol support spa
mar move spa
mun move kie
nth move nwy
nrg support ska move nwy
pie move mar
rom hold
ruh support bur move mun
sil support tyr move mun
ska move nwy
spa hold
tri move ven
tun move naf
tyr move mun
ven move tus
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
build Army con
remove hol
build Army mos
remove ruh
build Army war
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
bal move den
boh support sil move mun
bul move ser
bur move ruh
con move bul
den move swe
edi hold
eng move mid
gas move spa
kie support mun move ruh
gol support spa
mar move bur
mos move war
mun move ruh
naf move mid
nth move hol
nrg support edi
nwy move ska
pie move mar
rom move tys
ser move tri
sil move mun
spa support pie move mar
swe move nwy
tun move naf
tus move pie
ven move tyr
war move sil
wes support naf move mid
yor move lvp
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move bal
boh move vie
bul move ser
bur move bel
den move hel
edi hold
eng move mid
gas support mar move spa
kie support ruh move hol
gol support pie move mar
mid move nat
mar move spa
mun hold
naf support wes move mid
nrg support nwy move nth
nwy move nth
pie move mar
ruh move hol
ser move tri
sil move boh
ska move den
spa hold
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tus move pie
tyr hold
tys move wes
war move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
spa move por
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army war
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move bla
bel move lon via convoy
den move kie
edi hold
eng convoy bel move lon
gas move bre
hel move hol
hol move bel
kie move ruh
lvp move yor
gol support mar move spa
mid move iri
mar move spa
mun support kie move ruh
naf move mid
nat support mid move iri
nth convoy nwy move yor
nwy move yor via convoy
pie move mar
por hold
ser move bul
tri move ser
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
wes support mar move spa
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Germany: army/dislodged spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
spa move gas
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bla hold
bul hold
edi hold
hol move bel
iri move lvp
kie move hol
gol move spa/sc
mid move eng
mar support spa move gas
mun move bur
nat support iri move lvp
nth convoy nwy move yor
nwy move yor via convoy
por hold
ruh support hol move bel
ser hold
spa move gas
tri support tyr
tyr hold
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Germany: army/dislodged gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army/dislodged lvp
Turkey: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
gas disband
lvp disband
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army con
build Army mos
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel move pic
bla convoy con move rum
bul support con move rum
bur support gas move par
con move rum via convoy
edi hold
gas move par
hol move bel
lvp support mid move iri
mid move iri
mar hold
nat move cly
nth support yor move lon
por hold
ser move bud
spa/sc support wes move mid
tri support ser move bud
tyr move vie
wes move mid
yor move lon
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Germany: army/dislodged lon
Germany: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
Germany: supply par
Russia: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lon disband
rum move sev
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
Germany: supply par
Russia: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm support rum move sev
bel support eng
bla support rum move sev
boh move tyr
bre support eng move pic
bud support tri move vie
bul move rum
bur move par
cly support edi
edi hold
eng move pic
gal support vie move bud
iri support eng
lon move wal
lvp move wal
mid move por
mar move bur
mos support sev
par support mar move bur
pic support bur move par
por hold
rum move sev
spa/sc support mid move por
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Turkey: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Russia: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Turkey: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move ser
bur move gas
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
Turkey: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
