PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
kie move den
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun hold
nap move apu
par move bur
rom move tus
sev move rum
smy support ank move con
stp/sc move fin
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move lvn
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move ion
bud support ser
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move aeg
eng move nth
fin hold
lvn hold
pie move tyr
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
smy move con
spa move mar
ukr hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army mos
build Fleet sev
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army tri
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul
bel move hol
bre move mid
bud support ser move rum
bul hold
con support bul
den move swe
fin move swe
ion move tun
kie move hol
lvn move pru
mar move bur
mos move war
mun hold
nth support bel move hol
rum move bla
ser move rum
smy move eas
tus hold
tyr hold
ukr move rum
vie move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply par
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
bla move rum
bud support gal
bul move gre
bur hold
con move bul
den move swe
eas move aeg
fin move swe
gal support rum
gre move alb
hol hold
kie move hol
mid move por
mun hold
nth move nwy
pru move ber
rum support gal
tri move ser
tun hold
tus move pie
tyr hold
ukr move rum
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Fleet bre
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support aeg move ion
ank move bla
bre move eng
bud move vie
bul hold
bur move mar
con move aeg
den move swe
fin move swe
gal support rum move ukr
gre hold
kie move hol
mar move gol
nap move apu
nwy move nth
par move bur
pie hold
por move spa/sc
pru move ber
rum move ukr
ser move tri
tun move naf
tyr move pie
ukr move rum
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
apu hold
bla convoy bul move sev
bul move sev via convoy
den move hel
eng move lon
gal move ukr
gre move apu via convoy
ion convoy gre move apu
kie move hol
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
nth support eng move lon
pru move ber
rum support bul move sev
spa/sc hold
tyr support pie
ukr move gal
vie hold
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army par
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bla support sev
gal support rum move ukr
gre hold
hel move hol
ion move tys
kie move hol
naf move wes
pie move mar
pru move ber
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
smy move aeg
tyr move mun
ukr move sev
vie move boh
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Russia: army/dislodged ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
alb move tri
bla move con
boh move sil
bre move mid
bur move ruh
gal support boh move sil
gre move nap via convoy
hol move kie
ion convoy gre move nap
kie move hol via convoy
lon move nth
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mun move ber
nth move den
par move bur
pru move ber
sev support ukr move mos
spa/sc support gol
tri move vie
tys move rom
ukr move mos
war move pru
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army bud
build Fleet mar
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move con
bud move tri
bur move mun
con move aeg
den support hol move kie
gal move war
hol move kie
ion move tun
gol move tys
mid move naf
mar move gol
mos support gal move war
nap move rom
nth move nwy
pie move tus
pru move lvn
rom move tys
ruh support bur move mun
sev move ukr
sil support gal move war
smy move eas
spa/sc move wes
tri move ven
vie support bud move tri
war move mos
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
con move aeg
den move swe
eas hold
ion move tys
kie support mun move ber
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos hold
mun move ber
naf move tun
nap hold
nwy move stp/nc
rom support ion move tys
ruh move mun
sil support ber
tri support ven
tun support ion move tys
tus move rom
ukr move gal
vie move boh
war hold
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army mar
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
boh support vie move tyr
bre move eng
bud move vie
con move bul/sc
eas move ion
gal support boh
ion move nap
kie move ber
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun support kie move ber
nap move apu
par move bur
pie move gol
rom move tus
ruh support mun
smy move aeg
swe move bal
tri move ven
tun support gol move tys
ven move adr
vie move tyr
war move lvn
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg support ion
apu support rom
bal move bot
ber support mun move sil
boh move mun
bul/sc move gre
bur move mun
eng move nth
gal support boh
gre move alb
ion support nap move tys
lvn support mos move stp
gol support pie
mos move stp
mun move sil
nap move tys
pie hold
rom hold
ruh support bur move mun
sil support boh move mun
tun support tys
tus move rom
tyr support boh move mun
tys support tus move rom
ven support rom
vie move boh
wes support tys
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
France: supply stp
France: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
sil move war
stp/nc move bar
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army par
build Army tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
alb support ion
apu support rom
bar support nth move nwy
ber support bur move mun
boh move mun
bot move stp/sc
bre move eng
bur move mun
gre support ion
ion support nap move tys
lvn support stp
gol support tus
nap move tys
nth move nwy
par move bur
pie support tus
rom support nap move tys
ruh support bur move mun
stp support lvn
tri support ven
tun support tys
tus support pie
tyr support boh move mun
vie move boh
wes support tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg support gre move ion
alb support ion
apu move rom
bar move stp/nc
ber move pru
boh support tyr move mun
bot support bar move stp
bur support mun
eng move nth
gal move sil
gre move ion
ion move tun
lvn move war
gol support pie
mun support sil
nap support rom move tys
nwy support bar move stp
pie support tus
rom move tys
ruh move kie
sil support ber move pru
stp move fin
tri support tyr
tun support tys
tus hold
tyr move mun
tys support tus
vie support boh
war move pru
wes support tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army par
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
alb move adr
apu support ven
boh move mun
fin move nwy
gal move sil
gre support ion
ion support rom move tys
lvn move pru
nap support rom move tys
rom move tys
tri support ven
tyr support boh move mun
ven support tyr
vie move boh
war support lvn move pru
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg support gre move ion
apu move rom
boh support mun
fin move swe
gal move sil
gre move ion
ion move tun
nap support tys
pru support war move sil
tri support ven
tyr support mun
tys support ion move tun
ven support tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Austria: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: fleet/dislodged tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg hold
apu move ion
boh move mun
bud move vie
gal move ukr
ion move tun
mun move kie
nap support tys
pru move ber
rom move tus
sil support pru move ber
smy hold
swe move den
tri support ven
tun move wes
tyr move pie
tys support tun move wes
ven support tyr move pie
vie move gal
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move spa
ber move kie
boh move mun
den support ber move kie
gal move war
ion convoy smy move spa
mun move ruh
nap support tys
pie move mar
rom hold
sil move ber
smy move spa via convoy
tun move naf
tys convoy smy move spa
ukr hold
vie move tyr
wes convoy smy move spa
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
France: army/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
