PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move gas
rom move nap
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bot move swe
den move swe
eng move bel
gas move spa
ion move tun
kie support ruh move hol
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg support yor move nwy
ruh move hol
rum move sev
ser support alb move gre
spa move por
stp move nwy
tri move vie
war move ukr
yor move nwy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel support bre move eng
ber move pru
bla support bul move rum
bot move swe
bre move eng
bud move ser
bul move rum
den move swe
gre support ser move bul
hol hold
kie move den
lon hold
mar move gol
mun move sil
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy move fin
par move pic
por move spa
rom move tys
rum support ukr move sev
ser move bul
sev support bul move rum
smy move aeg
spa move gas
stp move mos
tri move adr
tun move wes
ukr move sev
vie move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg support rum move bul
arm support sev
bel move nth
bla support rum move bul
bot move stp/sc
den move swe
eng convoy pic move wal
fin move swe
gas move bre
gre support bul
hol hold
kie support hol
lon move wal
gol support spa
mos move sev
nth move lon
nwy support fin move swe
pic move wal
pru support sil move war
rum move bul
ser move rum
sil move war
spa hold
tri move ven
ukr support mos move sev
wes move mid
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move ser
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet lvp
build Army mun
remove stp/sc
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support bul move gre
bel move nth
bre hold
bud move rum
bul move gre
den support nth
eng support bel move nth
gre support rum move bul
hol move bel
kie support den
lon support lvp move wal
lvp move wal
gol move spa/sc
mos move lvn
mun move ruh
nap move rom
nth support hol move bel
nwy support nth
pic move bel
pru support war
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
spa move por
swe move fin
tri move alb
tys support nap move rom
ukr support rum move sev
ven move rom
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul
alb move gre
arm move sev
bel hold
bla support sev move rum
bre move pic
bul support rum
den hold
eng support bre move pic
fin move stp
gre move bul
ion move aeg
kie support den
lon hold
nth support wal move eng
nwy support fin move stp
pic move bur
por support spa/sc
pru support war
ruh support bel
rum support bul
ser support alb move gre
sev move rum
spa/sc support por
ven move rom
wal move eng
war hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
eng move bre
rum move bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Fleet lvp
build Army mun
build Army tri
remove ukr
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support rum move bul
bel move pic
bla support sev move rum
bre support pic
bud move gal
bul move gre
bur support pic
con support rum move bul
den hold
eng support bel move pic
gre move ion
ion move tun
kie move hol
lon move nwy
lvn hold
lvp move iri
mun support ruh move bur
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move nrg
pic support bur
por hold
pru move war
ruh move bur
rum move bul
ser move bud
sev move rum
spa/sc move wes
stp support war move mos
tri move ven
ven move apu
war move mos
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move mar
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
apu move rom
bel move pic
bla move sev
bre move eng
bud support gal move rum
bul support rum move ser
bur move gas
con move bul/sc
den move swe
eng support iri move mid
gal move rum
gre move ser
hol move bel
ion move gre
iri move mid
lvn hold
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nth hold
nrg move nat
nwy move stp
pic support mar move bur
por hold
rum move ser
stp move mos
tun move tys
ven support apu move rom
war support stp move mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove lvn
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel support mun move bur
ber move sil
bre support spa/sc move mid
bud support gre move ser
bul support ser move rum
con move aeg
eng support nat move mid
gas move par
gre move ser
ion move eas
iri support nat move mid
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun move bur
nat move mid
nth move nwy
pic support mar move bur
por move spa
rum move bul
ser move rum
sev support ser move rum
smy move eas
spa/sc move mid
stp move mos
tri move alb
tun move tys
ukr support mos move sev
ven move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
Turkey: fleet/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move gre
arm move sev
bel move pic
bre support spa/sc move mid
bud support tri move ser
bul support aeg move gre
con move bla
eng support mid move bre
gal move vie
hol move bel
ion support alb move gre
iri move mid
mid move bre
mar move bur
mos support sev
mun move bur
nwy hold
par support bel move pic
pic move par
por move spa
rom move nap
rum support arm move sev
ser move rum
sev support ukr move rum
sil move boh
smy move aeg
spa/sc move mid
tri move ser
tun move tys
ukr move rum
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bre move gas
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
remove por
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move tri
bel support pic move bur
ber move sil
bla support rum move sev
boh support vie
bre support eng move mid
bud move gal
bul move rum
eng move mid
gas support spa/sc move mid
ion move adr
iri support eng move mid
kie move mun
lon move eng
lvp move nat
mar move bur
mos support sev
mun move tyr
nap move rom
nwy hold
par move gas
pic move bur
rum move sev
ser move bud
sev support ukr move rum
smy move aeg
spa/sc move mid
tri move tyr
tun move wes
ukr move rum
vie support mun move tyr
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move ser
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support rom move ven
aeg move ion
alb move tri
bel move bur
bla support ser move rum
boh support vie
bre support par move gas
bud support tri move vie
bul support ser move rum
bur move gas
con move ank
eng support nat move mid
gal support tri move vie
gas move spa/nc
iri support nat move mid
mid move naf
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun support bel move bur
nat move mid
nwy hold
par support bur move gas
rom move ven
rum move bud
ser move rum
sev move arm
sil move war
spa/sc move por
swe hold
tri move vie
tyr move tri
vie support rum move bud
wes move naf
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Germany: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
alb support tri
ank move arm
arm move smy
bla support rum move sev
boh support vie
bre support nat move mid
bud support gal move vie
bul move con
bur support gas move mar
eng support nat move mid
gal move vie
gas move mar
ion move eas
iri support nat move mid
mid move wes
mar support ven move pie
mun move tyr
nat move mid
nwy move nrg
par move gas
por move spa/nc
rum move sev
sev hold
spa/nc move gas
swe move bal
tri support gal move vie
tyr move tri
ukr support sev
ven move pie
vie support tyr move tri
war move gal
wes support por move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move tri
bal move ber
boh move vie
bre support par move gas
bud support rum
bur move mar
eng support nat move mid
gal move vie
iri support nat move mid
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun move tyr
nat move mid
nrg move nat
par move gas
pie support tri move ven
por move mid
rum move ukr
sev support ukr move rum
smy hold
spa/nc support por move mid
tri move ven
tyr move tri
ukr move rum
ven move adr
vie move gal
war support vie move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move boh
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army smy
England: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Fleet lvp
build Army tri
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: army smy
England: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb move gre
ber hold
boh move mun
bre support iri move mid
bud support tri
eng support iri move mid
gal support vie move bud
gas support mid move spa/nc
iri move mid
kie move mun
lvp move iri
mid move spa/sc
mar support mid move spa/nc
mun move boh
nat support iri move mid
nrg hold
pie move tyr
por support spa/nc
rum support vie move bud
sev support rum
smy move con
spa/nc support por
tri support bud
tyr move vie
ven support pie move tyr
vie move bud
war move sil
wes support spa/nc
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: army smy
England: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move ser
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: army smy
England: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move pru
boh move gal
bre support nat move mid
bud move ser
bur move mar
eng support nat move mid
gal support vie
gas support mid move spa/sc
gre move bul
ion move tun
iri support nat move mid
kie move mun
lvp move nat
mid move naf
mar move pie
mun move boh
nat move mid
nrg hold
por support spa/nc
rum support bud move ser
ser move bud
sev support rum
sil support mun move boh
smy move ank
spa/nc support por
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
ven move tyr
vie hold
wes move naf
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
England: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Germany: army/dislodged vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move alb
vie move bud
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
England: army ank
England: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army edi
build Army kie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
England: army ank
England: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support tri move ser
ank move con
ber move sil
boh support gal move vie
bre support iri move mid
bud support ser move tri
bul move rum
edi move nwy
eng support iri move mid
gal move vie
gas support mid move spa/sc
iri move mid
kie move mun
lvp move iri
mid move spa/sc
mar support mid move spa/sc
mun move tyr
nat support iri move mid
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pie support mun move tyr
por support spa/nc
rum move bul
ser move tri
sev move arm
sil move gal
spa/nc support por
tri move ser
tun move naf
tyr move ven
vie move bud
wes support tun move naf
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
England: army ank
England: supply ank
England: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Germany: army/dislodged ser
Germany: supply ser
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move gre
vie move tri
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
England: army ank
England: supply ank
England: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Germany: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support tri move ser
ank support arm move smy
arm move smy
boh support mun move tyr
bre support nat move mid
bud move tri
bul support ser move gre
eng support nat move mid
gal move bud
gas support spa/sc
gre move ser
iri support nat move mid
mid move wes
mar support spa/sc
mun move tyr
naf move mid
nat move mid
nrg move nat
nwy move stp
pie support tyr move ven
por move spa/sc
pru hold
rum support gre move ser
ser move gre
sil move gal
spa/sc support mid move wes
tri move ser
tyr move ven
ven move tri
vie support bud move tri
wes support por move spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
England: army ank
England: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Germany: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: supply sev
England: army smy
England: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
ven move rom
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
England: army ank
England: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Germany: army gre
Germany: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: supply sev
England: army smy
England: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Army lon
build Army mun
remove rom
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
England: army ank
England: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Germany: army gre
Germany: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: supply sev
England: army smy
England: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support ser move tri
ank move con
ber move sil
boh move vie
bre support nat move mid
bud support tri move ser
bul move rum
eng support nat move mid
gal support rum
gas support mid move spa/sc
gre move bul
iri support nat move mid
kie move mun
lon hold
mid move spa/sc
mar support mid move spa/sc
mun move tyr
naf support wes move mid
nat move mid
nrg move nwy
pie move tus
por support wes move mid
pru hold
rum support gre move bul
ser move tri
smy support ank move con
spa/sc move gol
stp move mos
tri move ser
tyr move ven
ven move apu
vie move tri
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
England: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Germany: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: army smy
England: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move nap
boh move sil
bre support iri move mid
bud move ser
bul move gre
con support bul
eng convoy lon move bel
gal support rum
gas support spa/sc
iri move mid
lon move bel
gol support spa/sc
mid move por
mar support spa/sc
mos move war
mun move ruh
naf move mid
nwy move swe
por support naf move mid
pru move bal
rum support bud move ser
sil move war
smy support con
spa/sc support mid move por
tri support bud move ser
tus move rom
tyr move pie
vie support tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
England: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Germany: army gre
Germany: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Germany: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: army smy
England: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move bul
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
England: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army con
England: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Germany: army gre
Germany: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Germany: army nap
Germany: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: army smy
England: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
remove bul
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army con
England: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Germany: army gre
Germany: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Germany: army nap
Germany: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: army smy
England: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move den
bel hold
boh move mun
bre support iri move mid
con support ser move bul
edi move nrg
eng support iri move mid
gal move sil
gas support mid move spa/sc
gre support ser move bul
iri move mid
kie support bal move den
lon hold
lvp move nat
gol support spa/sc move wes
mid move spa/sc
mar support mid move spa/sc
mos move war
naf move mid
pie support mar
por move spa/sc
ruh move hol
rum hold
ser move bul
sil move pru
smy move arm
spa/sc move wes
swe hold
tri move tyr
vie move gal
wes support por move spa/sc
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
England: supply ank
England: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army con
England: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Germany: army gre
Germany: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Germany: army nap
Germany: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
Austria: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
wes move tun
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: supply ank
England: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army con
England: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Germany: army gre
Germany: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Germany: army nap
Germany: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel hold
bre support nat move mid
bul support gre
con hold
den support kie
eng support nat move mid
gal support rum
gas support mar
gre support bul
hol support kie
kie support den
lon move yor
gol support wes move tys
mid move por
mar support gas
mun move bur
naf move wes
nat move mid
nap support rom
nrg hold
pie support mar
por move mid
pru support sil
rom support nap
rum support gal
sil support pru
spa/sc support mid move por
swe hold
tun move tys
tyr move mun
ven hold
war hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: army con
England: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Germany: army gre
Germany: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: army nap
Germany: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
remove wes
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: army con
England: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Germany: army gre
Germany: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: army nap
Germany: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel hold
bre support eng move mid
bul support gre
bur move par
con hold
den support kie
eng move mid
gal support rum
gas support mar
gre support bul
hol support kie
kie support hol
lon move eng
lvp move nat
gol support spa/sc move wes
mid move naf
mar support gas
mun hold
nap support rom
nrg hold
pie support mar
por move spa/sc
pru support sil
rom support nap
rum support gal
sev hold
sil support pru
spa/sc move wes
swe hold
tun move wes
tys support spa/sc move wes
ven hold
war hold
yor move edi
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
England: army con
England: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Germany: army gre
Germany: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Germany: army nap
Germany: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel hold
bre hold
bul support gre
con hold
den support kie
edi hold
eng support bel
gal support rum
gas support mar
gre support bul
hol hold
kie support den
gol support spa/sc
mid support bre
mar support gas
mun hold
naf support tys move tun
nat hold
nap support rom
nrg hold
par hold
pie support ven
pru support sil
rom support nap
rum support gal
sev hold
sil support pru
spa/sc hold
swe hold
tun move ion
tys move tun
ven support pie
war hold
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
England: army con
England: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Germany: army gre
Germany: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Germany: army nap
Germany: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove ion
build Army lon
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
England: army con
England: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Germany: army gre
Germany: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Germany: army nap
Germany: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel hold
bre hold
con hold
edi move nwy
eng support bel
lon hold
gol support spa/sc
mid support bre
naf hold
nat hold
nrg convoy edi move nwy
sev hold
spa/sc hold
swe hold
tun hold
war hold
wes support spa/sc
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Germany: army bul
Germany: supply bul
England: army con
England: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Germany: army gre
Germany: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Germany: army nap
Germany: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
