PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move tri
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb support ser move gre
ank move con
apu move gre
bot move swe
bul hold
con move smy
hol support ruh move bel
ion convoy apu move gre
kie move den
mid move spa/sc
nth convoy yor move den
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
ruh move bel
ser move gre
sev move bla
spa move por
tri move tyr
ukr move rum
ven hold
yor move den
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Fleet ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army par
build Army sev
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move adr
ank move con
apu support ven
ber move bal
bla hold
bre move eng
con move aeg
edi move nth
gre move ser
hol move hel
ion hold
kie move den
mos move lvn
nth move hel
nwy move ska
par move bur
pic support par move bur
por move spa
rum hold
sev move ukr
spa/sc move mid
swe move bot
tri support alb move adr
tyr move ven
ven hold
war hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move ion
apu support ven
bal move swe
bot convoy lvn move swe
bul move gre
bur move pic
con move aeg
den support bal move swe
edi move cly
eng convoy pic move wal
ion move tun
lvn move swe
mid move iri
nth move eng
pic move wal
ser support bul move gre
ska move nth
smy move con
spa move gas
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ukr move war
ven support mun move tyr
war move pru
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move rom
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move ion
apu move nap
bot move bal
cly move lvp
con move bul
eng convoy pic move wal
gas move bur
gre support con move bul
ion move tys
iri support wal move lvp
lon hold
lvn move stp
nth move eng
pic move wal
pru move ber
rom move nap
ser move tri
ska hold
smy move eas
tri move adr
tun move ion
ven move tus
vie move boh
wal move lvp
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
apu move nap
bal move kie
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bul support gre
bur hold
eas move aeg
eng support wal move lon
gre support bul
iri move nat
lvp hold
rom move nap
sil support boh move mun
stp move fin
tri move ser
tun move tys
tus move rom
tys support tus move rom
ven move apu
wal move lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: army/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lon move yor
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet mar
remove nth
build Army par
remove ska
build Army stp
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
apu support rom move ven
ber move kie
bud move vie
bul hold
bur move ruh
cly move edi
eng move nth
fin move swe
gre move ser
ion move tun
kie move hel
lon move yor
lvp support lon move yor
mar move gol
nat move nrg
par move bur
rom move ven
ser move bud
sil move ber
stp move nwy
tun move ion
tus move rom
tys support ion move tun
ven move apu
yor support cly move edi
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Austria: fleet/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
England: army/dislodged yor
ORDERS
tun move wes
ven move tri
yor move wal
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
apu support ven
ber hold
bud move gal
bul support ser move rum
bur move ruh
edi hold
fin move swe
hel move den
ion move tys
kie support hel move den
lvp support yor move edi
gol move spa/sc
mun support ruh move kie
nth move lon
nwy support fin move swe
rom support tri move ven
ruh move kie
ser move rum
tri move ven
tun support tys move wes
tys move wes
ven support ser move tri
vie move boh
wal move lon
wes move spa/sc
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Italy: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
edi move cly
rum move sev
ven move tyr
wes move mid
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove apu
build Fleet con
remove mid
build Army mos
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
ank move arm
ber move kie
boh support gal move sil
bul support rum
con move bla
edi move hol
gal move sil
hel support swe move den
kie support edi move hol
lvp move yor
gol move spa/sc
mos move ukr
mun move ber
nth convoy edi move hol
nwy hold
rom move nap
ruh support edi move hol
rum move gal
sev move rum
swe move den
tun move wes
tyr move mun
tys support tun move wes
ven move tri
vie support rum move gal
war move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
apu move ven
ber move sil
bla support bul move rum
boh move vie
bul move rum
gal support bul move rum
hel support den
hol support ruh move bel
kie support mun move ber
mid move bre
mun move ber
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg support yor move nwy
nwy hold
ruh move bel
rum support ukr move sev
sil support mun move ber
spa/sc hold
tri move ven
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr move sev
vie move bud
wes move mid
yor move nwy
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Russia: army/dislodged ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move pru
rum move ukr
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move ion
arm move sev
bel move pic
ber move pru
bla support arm move sev
bre move gas
bud move vie
con move aeg
den move swe
gal move ukr
hel move den
hol move ruh
kie support sil move mun
mid move spa/sc
mar move gol
mun move ber
nap move rom
nth move eng
nrg move nth
nwy move stp
pru support war
rum support arm move sev
sev hold
sil support ber move pru
spa/sc support mar move gol
tri move alb
ukr support sev
vie move tyr
war support pru
wes support mid move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
France: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber support sil move mun
bla move sev
den hold
eng move mid
gal move ukr
gas support wes move spa/sc
ion move tys
kie support nth move den
gol move spa/sc
mun support kie
nth move den
par move bre
pic support par move bre
pru support war
rom move tus
ruh move mun
rum support gal move ukr
sev move mos
sil move mun
spa/sc move por
swe move nwy
tyr support sil move mun
ukr move mos
vie move boh
war hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den disband
mun move bur
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bur
build Army con
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ion
ber support boh move sil
bla move con
boh move sil
bre move gas
con move bul
den move bal
gas move mid
ion move tun
kie move den
gol support mar move spa/sc
mid support mar move spa/sc
mar move spa/sc
mos hold
mun support boh move sil
nwy move swe
par support bre move gas
pic move bel
por support gas move mid
pru move sil
ruh move kie
rum move gal
sev support ukr move mos
smy move aeg
spa/sc hold
stp move fin
tri move alb
tus move pie
tyr move boh
tys move wes
ukr move mos
vie move gal
war support mos
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move eng
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support den move swe
bel move wal
ber move pru
boh move mun
bul move rum
con move aeg
den move swe
eng convoy bel move wal
fin move nwy
gas move mar
ion move tys
kie hold
gol support spa/sc
mid move spa/sc
mun move ber
par move pic
pie move mar
por support mid move spa/sc
rum move gal
sev support ukr move mos
sil support ber move pru
spa/sc hold
tun move naf
ukr move mos
vie support rum move gal
wes support mid move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
France: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Russia: army/dislodged pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
France: army swe
Russia: army/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos disband
pru disband
swe disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal convoy swe move lvn
ber move mun
bre move mid
con move bul
eng support bre move mid
gal support sil move war
gas support gol move spa/sc
ion move tun
kie hold
gol move spa/sc
mar support gol move spa/sc
mos move lvn
mun move ruh
naf support por move mid
nwy move stp
par move bur
pic move bel
pie move mar
por move mid
pru move ber
rum support gal
sev move mos
sil move war
smy move aeg
spa/sc support por move mid
swe move lvn
tys move gol
vie move tyr
wes support por move mid
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
spa/sc move por
war disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber support ruh move kie
gal move ukr
ion move tys
gol support pie move mar
mid move nat
mos move lvn
mun support ruh move kie
naf move mid
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
ruh move kie
sev move mos
tun move naf
tyr move vie
war support mos move lvn
wes support por move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
France: army/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army par
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ion
bal move lvn
bel move hol
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur move mar
eng support bre move mid
gas support bur move mar
ion move tun
kie move ruh
lvn move stp
gol move mar
mid move nat
mar move bur
mos support lvn move stp
mun support kie move ruh
naf move mid
nat move nrg
par move pic
rum support ukr
spa/sc hold
swe move den
tri move alb
tys support ion move tun
ukr support rum
vie move bud
wal move lvp
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
Austria: army/dislodged mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nrg
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
France: army/dislodged stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move pie
stp move fin
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nrg
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
bud move rum
gre hold
ion support alb move gre
kie move hol
gol support wes move spa/sc
mos support stp
mun move bur
naf move mid
nat move nrg
nrg move nwy
pie move mar
ruh support kie move hol
rum support ukr
ser support bud move rum
spa/sc support pie move mar
stp support nrg move nwy
tun move naf
tys move tun
ukr support mos
war move ukr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: army/dislodged gre
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
France: army/dislodged hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nrg
Turkey: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
gre move bul
rum move gal
spa/sc move por
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army fin
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nrg
Turkey: fleet nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove gal
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nrg
Turkey: fleet nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bud move rum
bul move rum
bur support pie move mar
gre move aeg
hol move bel
ion support gol move tys
gol move tys
mos move war
naf support tun
nwy move stp/nc
pie move mar
ruh support hol move bel
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
spa/sc move wes
stp move mos
tri move alb
ukr support mos move war
vie move gal
war move ukr
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nrg
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: fleet stp/nc
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
