PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
ber move kie
bre move pic
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move gas
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
par move bur
sev move rum
smy move syr
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
vie move tyr
war move lvn
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bot convoy lvn move swe
bur move mar
eng support yor move bel
gas move spa
hol support yor move bel
kie move den
lvn move swe via convoy
nth convoy yor move bel
pic move bre
ruh move mun
rum hold
ukr move sev
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Army lon
build Army par
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move bur
ber move mun
bot move swe
bre move mid
den hold
eng convoy lon move pic
hol move hel
kie move ruh
lon move pic via convoy
mar move pie
mun move boh
nth move nwy
par move bur
rum move bla
sev move arm
spa move por
stp/nc move bar
swe move nwy
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: army por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bar support swe move nwy
bel support ruh move bur
bla convoy sev move ank
boh move vie
bot move bal
den hold
eng move mid
gal move bud
hel move kie
mid move eng
mun move tyr
nth move eng
par move pic
pic move par
pie move mar
por move naf
ruh move bur
sev move ank
swe move nwy
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bre
build Army mos
build Fleet sev
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move smy
bal hold
bar support nwy
bel support pic
ber hold
bla move con
bre move par
bud move rum
bur move par
den move swe
eng move bre
kie move den
mid move naf
mar move pie
mos move war
mun move tyr
nwy hold
par move pic
pic support bur move par
por move spa
sev move bla
vie support mun move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
par move gas
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move kie
bar support nwy
bel support pic
ber move sil
bla move ank
con support rum move bul
den support swe
eng support pic move bre
gal move bud
gas move par
naf move tun
nth move nwy
nwy hold
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
rum move bul
smy hold
spa move mar
swe support nth move nwy
tyr move tri
vie support tyr move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Germany: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet sev
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bar support nwy
ber support den move kie
bud support bul move ser
bul move ser
con move aeg
den move kie
eng move mid
kie move den
mos move war
mun move ruh
nth move eng
nwy hold
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move bud
vie support tri move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Russia: fleet/dislodged kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move gal
kie move hol
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Russia: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bar move nwy
ber move mun
bla move con
bot support nwy move swe
bud support vie move gal
bul move gre
con move bul
eng convoy lon move por
gal move vie
gas move par
hol move kie
kie move hol
lon move por
mid convoy lon move por
mar move spa
nwy move swe
pie move tyr
ruh support kie move hol
rum move bla
sil move mun
tun move naf
vie move gal
war move pru
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
France: army gas
Russia: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Russia: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Germany: army/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move boh
hol move nth
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Army mun
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber support mun
bla move sev
boh support tyr move mun
bot move bal
bre hold
bud move vie
bul support gre move ser
con move bla
eng move nth
gal move ukr
gas move mar
gre move ser
hol support eng move nth
ion move adr
lon move yor
mid move wes
mun support ber
nwy move ska
par move bur
pru move ber
ruh move kie
sil support pru move ber
spa move por
swe move den
tyr move mun
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
mun move ruh
nth move edi
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
bal move kie
ber support bal move kie
bla move con
boh support gal move vie
bul move ser
bur move mun
den support bal move kie
gal move vie
hol support kie
kie support hol
mar hold
mun hold
nth support yor move edi
ruh support bur move mun
ser move bud
sev move bla
sil support mun
ska move nth
spa hold
ukr move mos
vie move bud
yor move edi
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: fleet tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Germany: army/dislodged vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: fleet tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
