PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hel
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move gas
rom move apu
sev move rum
stp/sc move fin
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
France: army gas
Germany: fleet hel
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move tun
bud support bul move rum
bul hold
con move aeg
fin move swe
gas move spa
hel move hol
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move ber
nth convoy yor move den
nrg move nwy
ruh move mun
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
sil move mun
smy move con
spa move por
ukr move gal
ven move apu
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
apu move ven
ber support mun move sil
bud support vie move gal
bul support aeg move gre
con support bul
den move swe
edi move nth
gal support sev move rum
gre support rum move bul
hol move bel
ion move eas
mun move sil
nap move ion
nth move den
nwy support den move swe
ruh move mun
rum move bla
ser support rum move bul
sev move rum
smy move aeg
stp/nc move nwy
tri move alb
tun hold
vie move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move ukr
sil move war
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg hold
alb move gre
bel hold
ber move pru
bla support rum
bud support gal move rum
bul move ser
con move smy
den move swe
eas move smy
edi move nth
gal move rum
gre hold
ion support alb move gre
mun move kie
nth move ska
nwy hold
rum support ukr move gal
ser support gal move rum
sil hold
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tun hold
ukr move gal
ven move tyr
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move vie
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mun
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy move eas
bel hold
bud move gal
bul hold
con support bul
den support ska move swe
eas convoy tun move syr
gal move sil
gre move bul
ion convoy tun move syr
kie move ber
lon move hol via convoy
mun move boh
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy support ska move swe
pru support sil move war
ser support gre move bul
sil move war
ska move swe
smy move eas
stp/nc support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move bud
tun move syr
tyr move ven
vie support bud move gal
war move pru
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Italy: fleet/dislodged eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eas move syr
nwy move ska
war move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
bel hold
ber support boh move sil
bla move rum
boh move sil
bud move rum
bul move gre
con move ank
den move nwy via convoy
eas move smy
gal move ukr
gre support ser move bul
hol move ruh
ion support gre
mos move war
nth support den move nwy
nwy hold
pru support war
rum move ser
ser move bul
sil move mun
ska convoy den move nwy
stp/nc support nwy
swe support den move nwy
syr move eas
tun hold
ven move tyr
war hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move con
nwy move nrg
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
ber move mun
bud support ukr move rum
bul support gre move ser
con hold
eas convoy tun move syr
gre move ser
ion convoy tun move syr
nth move edi
nwy hold
pru move lvn
ruh move bur
sil support ber move mun
ska support nwy
smy hold
swe move bot
tun move syr
tyr support sil move mun
ukr move rum
vie move tri
war support pru move lvn
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army/dislodged ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel hold
bot move stp/sc
bud move gal
bul move rum
bur move par
con support smy
eas support syr move smy
edi hold
ion support eas
lvn support war move mos
mun hold
nrg move nat
nwy hold
rum move sev
ser support bul move rum
sil support mun
ska support nwy
smy hold
syr move smy
tri move vie
tyr move ven
war move mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
mos move ukr
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bla
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
remove stp/nc
build Army tri
remove ukr
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bot support nwy move stp
bud support ser move rum
bul move con
con hold
eas convoy syr move apu
edi move cly
gal support rum move ukr
ion convoy syr move apu
lon move eng
lvp move iri
nat move lvp
nwy move stp
par move gas
rum move ukr
ser move rum
ska move den
smy move aeg
syr move apu
tri move tyr
ukr move rum
ven move pie
vie move boh
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Russia: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Russia: army/dislodged ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ukr move war
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Russia: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
apu move ven
boh move mun
bot support stp
bud move gal
bul support rum
cly move lvp
con hold
eas move smy
gal move boh
gas move mar
ion move aeg
iri support cly move lvp
lon move nth
lvp hold
pie move mar
rum support ukr move sev
sev hold
stp hold
tyr support boh move mun
ukr move sev
war hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
Russia: fleet/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
lvp disband
sev move arm
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy move con
arm move smy
boh support mun move sil
bot move stp/sc
bud move tri
bul support smy move con
con support gre move bul
den hold
gal support rum move ukr
gas move mar
gre move bul/sc
iri move mid
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mun move sil
nap move ion
nth support lon move eng
pie move mar
rum move ukr
sev move arm
smy move con
stp move mos
tyr move mun
ven hold
war move mos
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move ank
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con
ank move con
arm move ank
boh move mun
bot move stp/sc
bul move gre
den hold
eng move bre
gal support ukr move war
gas move spa
gre move aeg
ion support bul move gre
iri move eng
mid support gas move spa
mun move ber
nth move hol
pie move mar
sil support mun move ber
smy support ank move con
stp move mos
tri move tyr
ukr move war
ven hold
war move mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Italy: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Turkey: fleet/dislodged gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Italy: supply smy
England: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move bul/sc
gre move alb
war move pru
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Army lvp
build Fleet nap
remove pru
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc move con
ank support bul/sc move con
ber support mun move kie
bot move stp/sc
bre hold
bud move rum
bul/sc move con
con support smy move ank
den support kie
edi move nth
eng convoy lon move bel
gal move ukr
gre move bul
hol support lon move bel
ion hold
lon move bel via convoy
lvp move yor
mid support spa move por
mar move pie
mun move ruh
nap move apu
sil support tyr move mun
smy move ank
spa move por
stp move mos
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move gal
war move pru
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: army bel
Germany: fleet/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move gre
ank move smy
apu move ven
bel hold
ber move kie
bre move mid
con move smy
den move kie
eng hold
gal move war
hol support den move kie
ion support aeg move gre
mid move wes
mos move sev
nth convoy yor move nwy
pie move ven
por hold
pru support gal move war
ruh support ber move kie
rum move sev
sil support tyr move mun
stp/sc hold
tyr move mun
ukr support rum move sev
ven move tri
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: army por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove ber
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Army lvp
build Fleet nap
build Army ven
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: army por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move adr
ank move con
apu move ion
bel move ruh
bul move gre
con move bul/sc
den move kie
edi move nth
eng convoy lon move gas
gre support con move bul
hol support den move kie
ion move tun
lon move gas via convoy
lvp move wal
mid convoy lon move gas
mos hold
mun move ber
nap move tys
nth move hel
nwy move fin
pie move mar
por move spa
pru move lvn
ruh move bur
sev support war move mos
sil move boh
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
tri move tyr
ukr support war move mos
ven move pie
war move mos
wes move gol
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army bur
Austria: army con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
England: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
England: army/dislodged mos
England: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bul move ser
mos move stp
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army bur
Austria: army con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
England: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
England: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bot move bal
bul/sc support gre
bur move par
con support ser move bul
eng convoy wal move pic
fin support stp
gas move par
gre support bul/sc
hel move kie
hol move bel
ion move adr
kie move ber
lvn move stp
gol support mid move wes
mid move wes
mar hold
mos support lvn move stp
nth hold
pie support mar
ruh move mun
ser move bul
sev move arm
smy move con
spa hold
stp hold
tun move wes
tyr move tri
tys support tun move wes
ukr move war
wal move lon
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
England: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
England: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
arm move ank
bal support kie move ber
bel support lon move pic
ber move mun
boh move vie
bud move rum
bul/sc support gre
bur support ber move mun
con support arm move ank
eng convoy lon move pic
fin support stp
gas support spa move mar
gre support bul/sc
hel move kie
ion move tun
kie move ber
lon move pic via convoy
lvn move stp
gol support mid move wes
mid move wes
mar move gas
mos support lvn move stp
nth move nrg
pie move ven
ruh move mun
ser move tri
smy hold
spa move mar
stp hold
tun move wes
tyr move vie
tys move gol
war move gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
ank move smy
bal support ber
bel hold
ber hold
boh move tyr
bul/sc move con
bur move mar
con support ank move smy
eng move mid
fin support stp
gal move sil
gas support mar
gre move bul/sc
ion move adr
kie hold
lvn move stp
gol support mar
mid move spa/sc
mar hold
mos support lvn move stp
mun move ruh
nrg move nth
pic move par
pie support bur move mar
ruh move mun
rum move ser
smy hold
stp hold
tri move ven
tun support tys move wes
tyr move ven
tys move wes
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
England: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bul/sc
build Army edi
remove gre
build Army lon
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
England: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy tri move apu
ank support con move smy
bal support ber
bel move eng
ber hold
boh move vie
bur move mun
con move smy
edi move bel via convoy
fin support stp
gas support mar
kie hold
lvn move stp
gol support spa/sc move wes
mid support spa/sc move wes
mar hold
mos support lvn move stp
mun move ber
nth convoy edi move bel
par hold
ruh support edi move bel
ser move tri
sil support mun move ber
smy hold
spa/sc move wes
stp hold
tri move apu via convoy
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
England: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
Italy: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
smy disband
wes move tys
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
England: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
ank move con
apu support tri move ven
bal move pru
bel support ruh move bur
ber hold
bur move ruh
eng move mid
fin support stp
gas support mar
gre hold
ion move tun
kie support ber
lon move hol via convoy
lvn move stp
gol move tys
mid move naf
mar hold
mos support lvn move stp
mun support bur move ruh
nth convoy lon move hol
par support ruh move bur
pie support tyr move ven
ruh move bur
sil support mun
smy hold
stp hold
tri move ven
tun move wes
tyr move ven
tys support tun move wes
vie move tyr
wes support mid move naf
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army/dislodged bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
England: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move pic
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
England: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet tri
remove tun
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
England: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move alb
apu move rom
bel move pic
ber hold
bud move ser
bur support hol move ruh
con move bul
fin support stp
gas move bre
gre move bul/sc
hol move ruh
kie hold
lvn move stp
gol move tys
mid support gas move bre
mar hold
mos support lvn move stp
mun support vie move tyr
naf move tun
nth move bel
par support bel move pic
pic move bel
pie support tyr move ven
pru support ber
sil move boh
smy hold
stp hold
tri move adr
tyr move ven
ven move tus
vie move tyr
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support alb
alb support ser move gre
bel move nth
ber support ruh move kie
boh support mun
bre move pic
bur move ruh
con move bul
fin support stp
gre move ion
ion move nap
kie move bal
lvn move stp
gol hold
mid move naf
mar hold
mos support lvn move stp
mun hold
par move bur
pic move bel
pie support ven
pru hold
rom support tus move ven
ruh move kie
ser move gre
smy hold
stp hold
tun hold
tus move ven
tyr move tri
tys move rom
ven support tys move rom
wes support tun
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove ion
build Army lon
remove nap
remove pie
build Army vie
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
England: fleet pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support alb move ion
alb move ion
bal move kie
bel move hol
ber hold
boh support mun
bud move gal
bul move ser
bur support kie move mun
fin support stp
kie move mun
lon move den via convoy
lvn move stp
gol move tus
mar hold
mos support lvn move stp
mun hold
naf move wes
nth convoy lon move den
pic move bel
pru support ber
rom support tri move ven
ruh support kie move mun
stp hold
tri move ven
tun support wes move tys
tus support tri move ven
tys support ven move rom
ven move rom
vie move tyr
wes move tys
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
England: fleet pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move sil
tys move nap
ven move apu
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
England: fleet pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion
apu move rom
ber hold
boh support tyr move mun
bur support mun
fin support stp
gal move war
kie support ber
lvn move stp
gol support mar
mar hold
mos support lvn move stp
mun hold
nap support apu move rom
pru support ber
rom hold
ruh support mun
ser move bud
sil support tyr move mun
stp hold
tun hold
tus support rom
tyr move mun
tys support tun
wes support tun
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
England: fleet pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
