PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
ven move pie
vie move tyr
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla move con
bot move swe
bre move eng
bul move gre
con move bul
den move hel
kie move hol
lon move eng
nth move nwy
pic move bel
pie support ven
ruh move bel
rum hold
ser support rum move bul/ec
spa move mar
stp move nwy
tri move ven
tyr move ven
tys move gol
ven hold
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet ber
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move bal
bre move eng
bud support ser
bul move ser
con move smy
gre move alb
hel move den
hol move bel
lon move eng
gol support pie move mar
mar move spa
nth support lon move eng
pic move bur
pie move mar
ruh support hol move bel
rum move bla
ser hold
sev move rum
smy move aeg
stp move nwy
swe support nth move den
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tri
war hold
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move pie
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support bul move gre
bel support ruh move bur
bla support rum
bre move mid
bud move tri
bul move gre
bur move mar
con move bul
eng move bre
gol move spa/sc
mar support gol move spa/sc
nth move hol
nwy support swe
pie support mar
ruh move bur
rum hold
ser support bud move tri
smy move aeg
spa support bur move mar
swe hold
tyr move pie
ukr support rum
wal move lon
war hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move par
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Fleet lvp
remove spa
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support gre
bal move bot
bel support kie move hol
bla convoy rum move con
bre hold
bud support ser
bul hold
den move hel
edi move nth
gre support alb
hol support edi move nth
ion move tun
kie move hol
lvp move iri
gol support mar move spa
mid move bre
mar move spa
nwy support swe
par support mid move bre
pie move mar
rum move con
ser support tri move alb
stp/nc move bar
swe hold
tri move alb
tyr move ven
ukr move rum
ven move apu
war move lvn
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
England: fleet/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move eng
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support gre move ser
apu move nap
bar move nrg
bel hold
bla move ank
bot move bal
bud support ser
bul support gre move ser
bur move pic
con support rum move bul
eng move bre
gre move ser
hol support bel
ion move aeg
iri move mid
lvn move stp
gol move spa/sc
mar hold
nth move den
nwy move stp
rum move bul
ser support tri move alb
spa move por
swe support nth move den
tri move alb
tun hold
ven move rom
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move con
bal move den
bel support pic
bud hold
bul support ser move gre
con move smy
den move nth
eng convoy lon move gas
gre move bul
hel support bal move den
hol support bel
lon move gas
lvn hold
mid convoy lon move gas
mar move gas
nap move tys
nrg convoy nwy move edi
nwy move edi
pic hold
por move spa
rom move tus
ser support tri move alb
sev move rum
spa/sc move mid
stp/nc move nwy
swe hold
tri move alb
tun move ion
vie move tyr
war move ukr
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
Russia: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb hold
bel hold
bud move gal
bul support rum
con move smy
den hold
edi move lvp
eng support mid move bre
gre move nap
hel support den
hol hold
ion convoy gre move nap
lon move yor
lvn hold
mid move bre
mar move pie
nrg move edi
nwy move nth
pic support bel
por move spa
rum support bul
ser hold
smy move ank
spa/sc move mid
swe hold
tus move pie
tyr move mun
tys move tun
ukr support rum
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bre disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove bre
build Army bud
remove nth
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/nc
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
bud move ser
bul support rum
edi move yor
eng move iri
gal move boh
ion move eas
lvn move pru
lvp support edi move yor
mid support spa move gas
mar move pie
mun move bur
nap move rom
nwy move nth
rum hold
ser move alb
sev support rum
smy move aeg
spa move gas
stp/nc move bar
swe move den
tri move adr
tun move wes
tus move rom
ukr move war
war move sil
yor hold
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
England: army/dislodged yor
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move smy
alb support gre
bar move nwy
boh move mun
bul support sev move rum
bur move mar
con support bul
eas move smy
gas move bre
gre support ser
iri move nat
lvp hold
mid support gas move bre
nap move rom
nth support swe move den
pie move mar
pru move ber
rum move bud
ser hold
sev move rum
sil support war move gal
swe move den
tus move pie
war move gal
wes move spa/sc
yor move lon
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mos
remove nat
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move ser
apu move nap
ber move kie
bud support bul move ser
bul move ser
con move smy
den support ber move kie
eas move ion
gal move vie
gre move bul
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mid move wes
mos move war
mun move sil
nth support lon move eng
nwy move ska
pie move mar
rom move ven
rum support bul move ser
ser move bud
sev move arm
sil move mun
spa/sc move mar
stp/nc move nwy
tus move rom
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
ser move tri
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
alb support bul move ser
arm move smy
bre hold
bud support ser
bul move ser
bur move mun
den support kie
eng support yor move bel
gal move boh
gre move alb
ion move tun
kie support sil move ber
mun move boh
nap hold
nth convoy yor move bel
nwy move nrg
pie support ven
rom hold
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sil move ber
ska support nth
smy move con
spa/sc move gol
tri move vie
ven hold
vie support gal move boh
war move sil
wes move tun
yor move bel
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
