PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move pie
vie move bud
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
bla move rum
bot move swe
bud support ser move rum
bul move gre
bur move mar
con move bul
hol support ruh move bel
kie move den
mid move spa/sc
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg move bar
pie move mar
ruh move bel
rum support ukr move sev
ser move rum
spa move por
tys move tun
ukr move sev
ven move pie
war move ukr
yor move nwy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bar support nwy
bel support mun move bur
ber move pru
bla move rum
bre hold
bud move ser
bul support gre move ser
bur hold
con support bul
den move kie
gre move ser
hol hold
kie move den
lon move nth
mar hold
mos move sev
mun move bur
nth move ska
nwy hold
pie move mar
por move spa
rom move tys
rum support bud move ser
sev move arm
smy move aeg
spa/sc move wes
stp/nc move bar
swe move nwy
tri hold
tun move wes
ukr support mos move sev
ven hold
vie move boh
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move par
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
arm move smy
bar move stp/nc
bel move pic
bla support bul move rum
boh move mun
bud move ser
bul move rum
bur move mun
con move ank
den move kie
hol move bel
kie move hel
mar support spa/sc move gol
nwy move swe
pie move mar
por move spa
pru move war
rum support bud move ser
ser support ven move tri
sev hold
ska support nwy move swe
spa/sc move gol
stp/nc move bar
swe move nwy
tri move adr
tun move wes
tys support tun move wes
ukr move war
ven move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move gal
swe move den
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove boh
build Fleet con
build Army edi
remove gal
build Army smy
build Army ven
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support bud move tri
aeg move eas
ank move arm
arm move ank
bar move stp/nc
bla support ank move arm
bre move pic
bud move tri
con move aeg
edi move nwy
gol move spa/sc
mar support gol move spa/sc
nth convoy edi move nwy
par move bur
pie move mar
rum move sev
ser move bud
sev support ukr move rum
ska move swe
smy support ank move arm
spa move gas
stp/nc hold
swe move fin
tri support ser move bud
tys move gol
ukr move rum
ven move tus
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: army/dislodged arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move syr
rum move ser
tri move vie
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move bul/sc
arm move sev
bar support fin move stp
bla support arm move sev
bre move pic
bud support ser move rum
bur support pic move par
eas move smy
fin move stp
gas move bur
hel move den
kie support hel move den
gol support pie move mar
mar move gol
nth support swe move den
nwy move swe
par support gas move bur
pic move par
pie move mar
pru move war
rum move bul
ser move rum
sev move rum
smy move ank
spa/sc support mar
stp/nc move nwy
swe move den
syr move arm
tri move ven
tus move ven
vie move tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Army con
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move ion
ank move arm
bar move nrg
ber move bal
bla support ank move arm
bre move pic
bud move vie
bur support mar move gas
con move bul
gas move mar
hel move den
kie support hel move den
lon move eng
gol move spa/sc
mar move gas
nwy move stp
par move bur
pic hold
rum move ukr
sev move mos
smy move aeg
spa/sc support gas move mar
stp move lvn
swe move bot
tri move vie
tus move ven
ven move tri
war move gal
wes support gol move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: army/dislodged arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move ska
spa/sc move por
tri move tyr
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move gre
arm move sev
bal move swe
bla move rum
bot move swe
bre move pic
bud move vie
bul move ser
bur move par
den support bal move swe
eng support pic move bre
gal move vie
gas support por move spa/sc
ion move adr
kie move hol
lvn support stp move mos
mar hold
mos hold
nrg move nwy
par support bre
pic move bre
por move spa/sc
spa/sc hold
stp move mos
tri move vie
tyr move tri
ukr support mos
ven support tyr move tri
wes support spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move mid
tri move alb
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
remove alb
build Army ank
build Fleet ber
build Army con
remove gas
build Fleet kie
remove lvn
remove mid
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bot move swe
bre support bur move par
bud move gal
con move bul
den move ska
eng move nth
gal support tri move vie
gre move alb
hol move bel
ion hold
kie move hel
mar move pie
mos support ukr move war
mun move bur
nap hold
nth move ska
nwy support nth move ska
par move pic
por hold
rom move tys
rum move bla
ser support gre move alb
sev move ukr
spa/sc hold
stp move fin
swe support den move ska
tri move vie
ukr move war
ven move tri
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ion
bel move ruh
bla move con
bot move bal
bre move par
bud move gal
bul move rum
bur move bel
con move bul
den move nth
fin support nwy move swe
gal move sil
hel support den move nth
ion hold
kie move hol
mid move por
mos move war
mun move boh
nth support ska move den
nwy move swe
pic hold
pie move ven
por hold
ser move bud
ska move den
spa/sc support mid move por
swe hold
ukr support mos move war
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
nth move edi
swe move ska
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bel
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
remove pic
build Army rom
remove ruh
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ion
ank move arm
bal support den
boh support gal move sil
bud hold
bul move rum
con move aeg
den support swe move ska
edi move nth
fin move nwy
gal move sil
hel support ska move den
hol move kie
ion hold
lon support edi move nth
lvp move iri
mos move lvn
nap support tys move ion
nth move nwy
par move bre
por move mid
rom move ven
rum move gal
ser support bud
ska move den
spa/sc move wes
swe move ska
tri move bud
tys move ion
ukr support rum move gal
ven move tri
vie support tri move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nth move yor
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support ion
arm move sev
bal move kie
boh support vie
bud hold
den support bal move kie
fin move swe
gal move sil
hel support kie
ion hold
iri move eng
kie support hel
lon support iri move eng
lvn move pru
nap move ion
nth move edi
rom move tus
rum support bud
ser hold
sil move ber
ska support den
tri move ser
tys support wes move tun
ukr move gal
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war support gal move sil
wes move tun
yor move edi
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army mun
build Fleet ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
alb support ion
bal support pru move ber
ber support boh move sil
boh move sil
bud support ser move tri
den support nth move hel
eng support ska move nth
gal move boh
gre support ion
ion hold
kie support hel
lon move yor
mid hold
mun support ber
nap support tys move ion
nth move hel
pru move ber
rum move ser
ser move tri
sev move mos
sil support pru move ber
ska move nth
swe support den
tri support vie
tun support tys move ion
tus move ven
tyr support vie
tys move ion
ven move adr
vie hold
war move lvn
yor move edi
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move alb
alb support tri
bal support pru move ber
ber support mun move sil
boh support vie
bud move vie
den move nth
eng move bel
gal support bud move vie
gre move ion
hel move hol
ion move adr
kie support ber
lvn move pru
mid hold
mos move war
mun move sil
nap support tys move ion
nth move edi
pru move ber
ser move bud
sil support pru move ber
ska support den move nth
swe support den
tri move ven
tun support tys move ion
tyr move tri
tys move ion
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tyr move tri
yor support nth move edi
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
Germany: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
edi move cly
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove bre
build Fleet con
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
alb hold
bal support swe move den
bel support nth move hol
boh move mun
bud support gal move vie
cly move nrg
con move aeg
edi support yor move nth
gal move vie
gre support alb move bul/sc
hol move bel
kie support ber
mun move bur
nth move hol
pru move ber
ser move tri
sil move boh
ska convoy swe move den
smy move eas
swe move den
yor move nth
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
hol move hel
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion move alb
aeg support eas move ion
alb move adr
bal support pru move ber
bel support hol
ber move sil
boh move tyr
bud support ser move tri
bur move par
den move kie
eas move ion
gre support eas move ion
hel move hol
hol support den move kie
ion move alb
kie support hel move hol
lvn move war
mid move bre
mun move ruh
nap move ion
nth move hel
pru move ber
ser move tri
ska move nwy
tri hold
tun support nap move ion
ven support tri
vie support bud move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
ber move mun
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Fleet lon
remove mun
remove par
remove ruh
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move con
bal support den move kie
bel move eng
ber move mun
bud support ser move tri
con move bul
den move kie
gre move alb
hol support nth move hel
ion move tys
lon move nth
lvn move pru
lvp move iri
nth move hel
ser move tri
smy move eas
tyr move pie
vie support ser move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet/dislodged hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
hel disband
kie disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
bal support kie
bud support tri
bul move ser
con move bul
eas move ion
eng support iri move mid
gre move alb
ion move nap
iri move mid
kie hold
mun support vie move tyr
pie move mar
pru move ber
sil support pru move ber
tri hold
tys move rom
vie move tyr
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet con
build Army lon
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
ber hold
bud move vie
bul move rum
con move bul/sc
eas move ion
eng convoy lon move pic
gre move alb
ion move nap
lon move pic
mid move por
mar move spa
mun move bur
rom move tys
ser support gre move alb
sil support ber
smy move aeg
tri move ven
tyr move pie
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb move adr
arm move sev
bal move bot
ber move kie
bul/sc move gre
bur move par
eas move ion
eng support pic move bre
pic move bre
pie support tri move ven
rum move bud
ser move tri
sil move mun
spa move por
tri move ven
tys move wes
vie move boh
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: army bre
Italy: fleet/dislodged bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
Turkey: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
