PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move pru via convoy
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi hold
kie move hol
lon hold
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move nap
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
ven hold
vie move bud
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bot move swe
bud move rum
bur move mun
ion convoy nap move gre
mid move por
nap move gre
ser support bul move rum
sev move bla
stp move nwy
tri move adr
ven move tyr
war hold
yor move wal via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army bud
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army par
build Army rom
build Army sev
build Army stp
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move con
bla support bul
bre move pic
bud move rum
bul hold
con move smy
gre support ser move bul
hol hold
ion move tys
mar move gol
mos move lvn
nwy hold
par move bur
por move spa/sc
pru move ber via convoy
rom hold
ruh move kie
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move ukr
spa move gas
swe move den
tyr hold
war support mos move lvn
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla hold
bud hold
bur support mun
con move aeg
den hold
gas move mar
gre support ser move bul
ion move tun
kie move den via convoy
lvn move pru
gol move tys
nwy hold
pic move bel
rom move tun via convoy
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
spa/sc move wes
tys convoy rom move tun
ukr move war
vie hold
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army sev
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bla convoy sev move ank
bre move eng
bud move ser
bul move con
bur move ruh
den move ska
gre hold
ion support rom move tun
gol move tys
mar move pie
mun move sil
nwy hold
pru move ber
rom move tun via convoy
rum move bul
sev move ank via convoy
sil support pru move ber
smy move con
tri move adr
tyr hold
tys convoy rom move tun
vie move tri
war hold
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tys move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
ank move smy
bel move hol
bla support bul move con
bul move con
eng move nth
gre hold
ion move nap
nwy move den via convoy
pru move ber
rom move nap
ruh support bel move hol
rum move ser
ser move alb
sil support pru move ber
ska convoy nwy move den
tri move ven
tun support ion move tys
tyr move ven
tys support wes move tun
war hold
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb move gre
ank move smy
ber support sil move mun
bla hold
bre move eng
bud move vie
con support ank move smy
den hold
hol move kie
ion move nap
mar move gol
mun move tyr
nth move nwy
pie support mun move tyr
ruh support hol move kie
ser support alb move gre
sev move ukr
sil move mun
ska move nwy
stp/sc move bot
tri move ven
tun move tys
tys move nap
ven move rom
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Italy: army/dislodged gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
ber move kie
bla hold
bot move bal
den support ber move kie
gre hold
ion move nap
mun support ber move kie
ser move bud
sil support mun
ska move nwy
smy hold
tri move tyr
ukr move war
ven hold
vie support tri move tyr
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
France: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: army/dislodged tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Army par
build Army sev
build Army stp
build Army tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy tri move apu
bal move den
bla hold
bud move tri
con hold
den move kie
gre hold
kie move ber
mos move war
mun move bur
nap hold
sev move ukr
sil move mun
smy hold
stp move lvn
tri move apu via convoy
tyr move pie
ven support tyr move pie
vie move boh
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
apu move rom
ber move kie
bla hold
boh move tyr
bur move bel
den support nwy move nth
kie move hol
lvn move pru
mun move bur
nap support apu move rom
nwy move nth
pie move mar
sil move mun
smy hold
tri move ven
ukr move gal
ven move pie
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army mos
build Army sev
build Army stp
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
bla hold
bud move rum
bur hold
den move nth
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie hold
mar move spa
mos move war
mun hold
nth move yor
pie move mar
pru move ber
sev move ukr
sil move boh
smy hold
tri move adr
tyr move ven
ven move pie
vie move tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
bel hold
ber hold
boh hold
bur move par
con hold
gal hold
gre hold
kie hold
mar move spa
mun hold
nth support yor move lon
pic support bur move par
pie move mar
rom hold
spa move por
tun hold
tyr move ven
ukr hold
ven move pie
war hold
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Russia: army pic
Austria: army pie
Austria: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
Austria: army pie
Austria: army por
Austria: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army mos
build Army sev
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
Austria: army pie
Austria: army por
Austria: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move yor via convoy
boh hold
bud hold
con hold
gal hold
gre hold
ion move aeg
lon move wal
mar move bur
nap move tys
nth convoy bel move yor
par move bre
pie move mar
rom hold
rum hold
spa move gas
tri hold
tun move wes
ven hold
vie hold
war support gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
Austria: army por
Austria: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
aeg hold
ber move kie
bla convoy sev move ank
bud hold
bur hold
con hold
gas hold
gre hold
kie move ruh
lon hold
mar hold
mos move lvn
nth move edi
pic move par
por hold
rom hold
rum hold
sev move ank via convoy
tri hold
tys move gol
ven hold
vie hold
wes move gol
yor support nth move edi
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Austria: army por
Austria: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: army bre
Russia: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Austria: army por
Austria: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
