PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
bud move ser
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mos move sev
mun hold
nap move ion
rom move tus
sev move bla
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bla support ukr move rum
bot move swe
bud move ser
eng move bel
ion move gre
kie move den
nth convoy yor move nwy
ser move bul
sev move arm
tri hold
tus move pie
ukr move rum
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Army nap
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move ank
bel move hol
bla support arm move ank
bud move vie
bul support ser move gre
edi move nrg
gre move ion
lon move eng
mos move sev
nap move rom
nth support nwy
nwy hold
pie move mar
rum hold
ser move gre
stp/nc support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move adr
vie move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank support bla move con
bel move hol
ber move kie
bla move con
bul support bla move con
den hold
eng move mid
gre hold
hol hold
ion move tun
kie move hel
mun hold
nth support bel move hol
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
pie move mar
rom move tus
rum move sev
sev move mos
stp/nc move bar
swe move nwy
tri hold
vie move boh
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Army stp
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support con move smy
bar support swe move nwy
boh support vie move tyr
bul move rum
con move smy
gre hold
hol move bel
ion hold
lon move eng
mid move por
mos move stp
nth support nwy
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
pie move mar
sev hold
stp move fin
swe move nwy
tri support vie move tyr
tun move wes
tus move rom
ven hold
vie move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank hold
bar support fin move nwy
bel move nth
boh support tyr move mun
eng move mid
fin move nwy
gre hold
hel move hol
ion hold
kie move ber
nth move ska
nrg move bar
nwy move swe
pie move mar
por move spa/nc
rum hold
sev hold
sil move ber
smy hold
stp support fin move nwy
swe support fin move nwy
tri move tyr
tyr move mun
wes move gol
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bar move nrg
boh hold
gre move nap via convoy
ion convoy gre move nap
gol move mar
mid move wes
mun support sil move ber
nth support ska move den
nrg move nwy
nwy support swe
pie support gol move mar
rom move tus
rum move bud
sev move mos
sil move ber
ska move den
smy hold
spa/nc hold
stp support nwy
swe move ska
tri move adr
tyr support vie move tri
ven move pie
vie move tri
war hold
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: army/dislodged den
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army/dislodged mar
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
arm hold
bar support stp move nwy
ber support mun move kie
boh move mun
bud move ser
den move swe
ion move nap
mar hold
mos move war
mun move kie
nap move rom
nth move den
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
pie move tus
ska support nwy move swe
smy hold
spa/nc move por
stp move nwy
tri move ven
tus move rom
tyr support tri move ven
ven hold
war move sil
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
arm hold
bar support nwy
ber hold
bud move tri
den move bal
edi move nth
hol hold
ion move tys
kie support ska move den
lon move eng
mos hold
mun move ruh
nap move rom
nth move hel
nrg move nwy
nwy hold
por move mid
ser move gre
sil hold
ska move den
smy hold
spa/sc move wes
swe support ska move den
tri move adr
tyr support ven
ven support nap move rom
vie move boh
war hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
arm move ank
bal move swe
bar support nwy
ber move kie
boh move mun
den hold
eng move bre
hel move den
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid support eng move bre
mos hold
nth support hel move den
nrg move nwy
nwy hold
ruh support kie move hol
sil hold
smy hold
swe support den
tri move ven
tyr support ven move pie
tys support ion move tun
ven move pie
war hold
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move ska
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Fleet stp/sc
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank hold
bal move swe
bar support nwy
bre move pic
den support bal move swe
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tys
kie support ska move den
lon move eng
mid move spa/sc
mos move stp
mun move bur
nth move ska
nrg move nwy
nwy support swe
pie move mar
rom support ven move tus
ruh move bel
sil move ber
ska move den
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
swe support ska move den
tri move adr
tun move wes
tyr move pie
tys move gol
ven move tus
vie move tyr
war hold
wes move gol
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Austria: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move hel
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Austria: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank hold
bar move nrg
bel support hol
ber support kie
bot support nwy move swe
bur support bel
den hold
hol support bel
ion move tys
kie support den
mar move gas
nwy hold
pie move mar
rom move ven
smy hold
stp support nwy
swe support den
tun move wes
tus move pie
tyr move mun
tys move tus
war hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army mos
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
remove wes
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bar move nrg
bel support hol
ber support kie
bot move swe
bur move par
den move nth
eng support pic move bel
gas support bur move par
hel move den
hol support bel
ion move tun
kie support swe move den
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nrg support ska move nwy
nwy support bot move swe
pic move bel
pie move mar
ska move nwy
smy move aeg
spa/sc move mar
stp support nwy
swe move den
tri move adr
tun move wes
tus move gol
tys support tus move gol
ven move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support con move bul
bar move nrg
ber move mun
bur move mun
con move bul
den hold
gal move bud
gas move bre
gre move bul
hol support bel
kie support ber move mun
gol move spa/sc
mar support gol move spa
nth convoy nwy move lon
par support gas move bre
pie move ven
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tun support adr move ion
tyr support bur move mun
tys move gol
ukr move rum
vie move bud
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
England: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove pic
build Army sev
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bar support swe move nwy
bel move ruh
ber move mun
bre move pic
bud support gre move ser
bul support rum move ser
bur move mun
den support kie
eng move lon
gal move bud
gre move ser
hel move den
hol move kie
ion move aeg
kie support ber move mun
gol move tys
mid move iri
mar move spa
nth convoy nwy move edi
nwy move edi
par move bur
rum move ser
sev move rum
ska support hel move den
spa/sc move mid
stp move lvn
swe move nwy
tun move ion
tyr support bur move mun
ven move tri
vie support bud
war move sil
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army/dislodged den
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move swe
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
bar move nrg
ber support kie
bud support vie move gal
bul move gre
bur move mun
den support ska move swe
edi move lvp
gal move bud
gre move ser
hol support mun move kie
ion move eas
iri move wal
kie support swe move den
lon move nth
lvn move pru
mid move eng
mun move kie
nth move hol
nrg move nwy
nwy support bar move nrg
pic move bel
ruh support mun move kie
rum support ser
ser hold
sil move mun
ska move swe
spa move por
swe move den
tri support gre move ser
tun move ion
tyr move boh
tys move nap
vie move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Russia: army gre
Austria: army/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet/dislodged nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army/dislodged swe
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move ukr
gre move alb
nrg move nat
swe move fin
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army por
Austria: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bur
build Army stp
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army por
Austria: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb move ser
bel support hol
ber support kie
boh move sil
bud support alb move ser
den support ruh move kie
eas support ion move aeg
eng support wal move lon
fin move swe
gal support boh move sil
gre hold
hol support ruh move kie
ion move aeg
kie move den
lvp hold
mun support ruh move kie
nat move mid
nap move ion
nth move hol
nrg hold
nwy support fin move swe
pru move war
ruh support kie move hol
rum support ser
ser support gre
sil move mun
stp hold
swe support den
tri support alb move ser
ukr support rum
wal move lon
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Austria: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army por
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army/dislodged ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser move bul
sil move pru
swe move bal
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Austria: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army por
Austria: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
bal move pru
bel move hol
ber move mun
bud support gal move rum
bul move ser
den support ruh move kie
eas move smy
eng move nth
gal move rum
gre support bul move ser
hol move kie
ion move gre
kie move den
lon support eng move nth
lvp hold
mid move iri
mun support hol move kie
nth support kie move den
nrg move edi
nwy support swe
por move spa
pru support war
ruh support hol move kie
rum support bul move ser
ser support ion move gre
sil move war
smy hold
stp move mos
swe support kie move den
tri support ser
ukr support rum
war hold
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Austria: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Austria: fleet nth
Russia: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move ska
nth move bel
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Austria: fleet lon
Austria: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Austria: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
