PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move gas
rom move tus
sev move rum
stp/sc move bot
ven move pie
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move bul/sc
edi move bel via convoy
gal support ukr move rum
gas move mar
hol support ruh move bel
kie move den
mid move spa/sc
nth convoy edi move bel
nrg move nwy
pie move mar
ruh move bel
rum move sev
ser support vie move bud
smy move con
spa move por
tus move tun
tys convoy tus move tun
ukr move rum
vie move bud
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bel move pic
ber move kie
bul/sc move aeg
con move bul
edi move yor
gal move bud
gas move bur
gre support con move bul
hol move bel
kie move hel
lon move nth
mar move pie
mos move war
mun move bur
nth move den
nwy support lon move nth
par move pic
pie move mar
por move spa
rom move tys
rum support gal move bud
sev support rum
smy move eas
spa/sc move wes
swe support nth move den
tun move naf
tys move gol
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bud support rum
bul support gre move ser
den support nth move hel
eas move ion
gas move bur
gre move ser
hel support kie move den
hol move nth
kie move den
gol support tys move wes
mun move ber
naf move tun
nth move hel
nwy move nth
par support gas move bur
pie move mar
rum support bud
sev support rum
sil move ber
spa support mar
swe support den
tys move wes
war move pru
wes move tun
yor hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
wes move mid
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Fleet smy
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bud support rum move gal
bul move ser
bur support mar
con move bul
den move kie
gre move ion
ion move nap
lon support nth
gol support wes move tys
mid move wes
mar hold
naf move tun
nth move ska
nwy support lon move nth
par support bur
pie move ven
pru support sil move ber
rum move gal
ser move alb
sev move rum
sil move ber
smy move aeg
spa support mar
swe move bal
war move sil
wes move tys
yor hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
bal convoy pru move kie
ber support pru move kie
bud support gal move vie
bur move bel
den support lon move nth
gal move vie
hel move nth
hol support hel move nth
ion move apu
kie move ber
lon move nth
gol move tys
mar support wes move gol
mun support kie move ber
nwy move stp/nc
par move pic
pru move kie via convoy
rum move sev
ser support alb move tri
sil support ber
ska move swe
spa move gas
tys move rom
wes move gol
yor hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
kie move ruh
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet edi
remove hel
remove hol
build Army lvp
build Army mos
build Fleet smy
remove tys
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu move ven
bal move bot
bel move hol
ber support sil move mun
bud move gal
bur move bel
den support ruh move kie
edi support lon move nth
gas move mar
ion move tys
kie support sil move mun
lon move nth
lvp hold
gol move wes
mar move gol
mos move lvn
mun support ruh move kie
nap support ion move tys
pic support bur move bel
rom hold
ruh move kie
sev hold
sil move mun
smy move aeg
stp/nc hold
swe support den
tri support apu move ven
tun hold
ven support rom
vie move boh
yor hold
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Turkey: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
mun move ruh
ven move tus
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel hold
ber move kie
boh support mun
bot move stp/sc
bul move ser
con move bul
den move swe
edi move nrg
gal move sil
hol support kie
kie support hol
lvn support bot move stp
lvp move edi
gol move tys
mar move pie
mun hold
nap move rom
nth convoy yor move nwy
pic support bel
rom hold
ruh move bur
ser move tri
sev hold
stp/nc hold
swe move bot
tri move tyr
tun hold
tus support rom
tys support nap move rom
ven hold
wes support gol move tys
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp move bar
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet con
remove edi
remove kie
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Fleet smy
remove tus
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar support nwy move stp
bel move ruh
ber support mun move kie
boh support sil move mun
bot support nwy move stp
bul move ser
bur support hol move bel
con move aeg
hol move bel
ion move tys
lvn support stp/sc
mar move gol
mos support stp/sc
mun move kie
nap support ion move tys
nth move den
nrg move nth
nwy move stp
pic move par
pie move mar
rom hold
ser move tri
sev hold
sil move mun
smy move eas
stp/sc hold
swe move fin
tri move ven
tun hold
tyr support tri move ven
tys hold
ven move adr
war move sil
wes support tys
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
bar support nwy move stp
bel move hol
ber move kie
boh move mun
bot support nwy move stp
bur move bel
den move kie
eas move ion
fin support nwy move stp
ion move nap
kie move hol
lvn support stp/sc
gol move tys
mar hold
mos support stp/sc
mun move ruh
nap move rom
nth move hol
nwy move stp
rom hold
ruh move bel
sev hold
sil support boh move mun
stp/sc support lvn
tri move tyr
tun hold
tyr move pie
tys move tun
ven support nap move rom
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: fleet/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: army/dislodged tun
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rom disband
tun disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army edi
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support adr move ion
bar support stp
bel move hol
ber move kie
boh support mun
bot move bal
bur move gas
con move bul
den move kie
edi move hol via convoy
fin move bot
ion move tys
kie move ruh
lvn support mos
mar hold
mos support lvn
mun support kie move ruh
nap support ion move tys
nth convoy edi move hol
par hold
pie move mar
rom support ion move tys
ruh support edi move hol
sev hold
sil move ber
stp hold
tun support tys
tyr move pie
war support lvn
wes support tys
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
France: army/dislodged ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ruh move bur
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support adr move ion
bal move kie
bar support stp
bel move hol
ber move kie
boh support mun
bot move lvn
bur move mar
den support bal move kie
edi move hol via convoy
gas move par
ion move nap
lvn hold
mar move spa
mos support lvn
mun support ber move kie
nap move rom
nth convoy edi move hol
par move bre
pie support rom move tus
rom move tus
ruh support ber move kie
sil move ber
stp support bot move lvn
tun support tys
tys hold
ven support nap move rom
war support lvn
wes support tys
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove spa
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal move den
bar support stp
ber move kie
boh move sil
bot move bal
den move hel
edi move bel via convoy
ion move tun
kie move hol
lvn hold
mos support lvn
mun support ber move kie
nap move tys
nth convoy edi move bel
par move gas
pie move mar
rom support nap move tys
ruh support kie move hol
sev hold
stp hold
tus support nap move tys
tyr move pie
war move pru
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tys move gol
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support edi move kie
bar support stp
den support edi move kie
edi move kie via convoy
gas move spa
hel convoy edi move kie
hol support kie
ion move tys
kie support hol
lvn support mos
mos support lvn
mun support kie
nth convoy edi move kie
pie move mar
pru move ber
rom support ion move tys
ruh support hol
sev hold
sil support pru move ber
stp hold
tus move gol
tyr move pie
tys support tus move gol
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support den
bar support stp
bel move pic
ber support kie
den hold
edi move yor
hel move nth
hol support kie
ion move tun
kie support hol
lvn support war move pru
gol move wes
mos support lvn
mun move bur
nth move eng
pie move mar
ruh support kie
sil move mun
spa move por
stp hold
tys support ion move tun
war move pru
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Turkey: army pie
Germany: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: fleet/dislodged tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
tun move naf
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Turkey: army pie
Germany: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bal support den
bar support stp
ber move kie
bur support pie move mar
den hold
eng move mid
hol move bel
kie move hol
lvn support mos
gol support pie move mar
mos support lvn
mun support ber move kie
nth move eng
pic move par
pie move mar
por move spa
pru move ber
ruh support hol move bel
sev hold
stp hold
tun hold
tys support tun
yor move lon
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Russia: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move gas
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bre
build Army con
remove gas
remove naf
build Fleet smy
build Army war
remove wes
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support den
bar support stp
bel move pic
ber move kie
bur support bel move pic
den hold
eng convoy lon move por
hol move bel
kie move hol
lon move por via convoy
lvn support mos
gol move spa/sc
mid convoy lon move por
mar support gol move spa
mos support lvn
mun support ber move kie
par move bre
ruh support hol move bel
stp hold
tun hold
tyr move pie
tys support tun
war move sil
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Russia: army pic
Turkey: army pie
England: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army/dislodged spa
Germany: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
spa move gas
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Russia: army pic
Turkey: army pie
England: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support den move kie
bar support stp
bel support pic
bre support gas move par
bur move par
den move kie
eng move bre
gas move par
hol support kie
ion move tys
kie support sil move ber
lvn support mos
mid support eng move bre
mar support spa/sc
mos support lvn
mun support sil move ber
pic support bre
por hold
ruh move bur
sev hold
sil move ber
spa/sc hold
stp hold
tun support tys move wes
tys move wes
ven move tyr
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Russia: army pic
Turkey: army pie
England: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
wes disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Russia: army pic
Turkey: army pie
England: army por
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet lvp
remove naf
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Russia: army pic
Turkey: army pie
England: army por
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support den move kie
bar support stp
bel move pic
ber support kie
bre support gas move par
bur support pic move par
den move kie
eng move bre
gas move par
hol support ruh move bel
kie support ber
lvn support mos
lvp move iri
mid support eng move bre
mar support spa/sc
mos support lvn
mun move ruh
pic move par
por move spa
rom move tys
ruh move bel
ser move tri
sev hold
smy move aeg
spa/sc hold
stp hold
tun move naf
tys move gol
wes support tun move naf
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Germany: supply par
Russia: army pic
Turkey: army pie
England: army por
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support den move kie
bar support stp
ber support kie
bre support mid
bur move gas
den move kie
gas move spa
iri support mid
kie support ber
lvn support mos
mid support bre
mar move gas
mos support lvn
naf move mid
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
pie move mar
por move spa
sev hold
spa/sc support naf move mid
stp hold
tys move wes
wes move naf
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army bre
England: fleet/dislodged bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: army por
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move eng
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army bre
Russia: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: army por
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove gas
build Army war
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army bre
Russia: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: army por
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
