PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move pic
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move tys
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move pie
vie move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move bla
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move bul
edi move bel
hol support edi move bel
kie move den
mun move ruh
nth convoy edi move bel
nrg move nwy
par move bur
pic move bel
pie move mar
rum support tri move ser
sev move rum
spa move mar
tri move ser
tys move tun
ukr support sev move rum
ven move pie
war move sil
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move bud
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Fleet rom
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Fleet tri
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel support ruh move bur
bla support sev move rum
bud support ser
bul move ser
bur move mar
con move aeg
den hold
edi move nth
gre support bul move ser
hol support bel
ion move gre
lon move eng
mar move gol
mun support ruh move bur
nth move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
pic move eng
pie move mar
rom move tys
ruh move bur
rum move sev
ser support ion move gre
sev move rum
sil move boh
smy move eas
spa support bur move mar
swe move nwy
tri move alb
tun move wes
ukr move gal
ven move tus
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb support ion move gre
bel move pic
ber move mun
bla support bul
boh move vie
bud hold
bul move ser
bur move par
den move swe
eas move ion
edi move nth
gal support boh move vie
gre support bul move ser
ion move gre
lon move eng
mar move gas
mun move bur
nth move nwy
pic move bre
pie move mar
rum hold
ser move bul
sev support rum
spa move por
stp/nc support nth move nwy
swe move nwy
tus hold
tys move gol
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet/dislodged gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gol move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bre
remove ion
build Fleet lon
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb move tri
ber move sil
bla move con
bud hold
bul move ser
bur move gas
den move swe
eas move ion
eng move bre
gal move bud
gas move mar
gre support bul move ser
hol move kie
lon move eng
gol convoy tus move spa
mar support tus move spa
mun move boh
nwy support den move swe
par support bur move gas
pic support eng move bre
por support spa/sc
rom move tys
rum move bla
ser support bud
sev move arm
spa/sc support gas move mar
tus move spa via convoy
vie support gal move bud
war move ukr
wes support tus move spa
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move rum
ser move alb
swe move bal
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
alb move ser
arm hold
bal move ber
bla hold
boh move sil
bre support eng move mid
con move ank
eng move mid
gas move bur
gre support ser
ion move adr
kie move ber
gol move spa/sc
mar support gol move spa
nth hold
pic move bel
por hold
rum support alb move ser
ser hold
sil move war
spa/sc move mid
tri hold
tus move rom
tys move nap
ukr move war
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
build Fleet ber
build Fleet con
build Army lon
remove rum
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ser move tri
alb move ser
ank move con
bal hold
ber move bal
bla move rum
boh move sil
bre support mid
bud move gal
bul/sc move gre
bur move mun
con move bul/ec
gre move ser
kie support ber move bal
lon move nwy
mid move por
mar move spa
nap move ion
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move nrg
por move spa
rom move ven
ser move tri
sil move pru
spa/sc move wes
tri move adr
ukr move war
ven move tyr
vie move boh
wes move tys
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet/dislodged bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move bot
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb move gre
ank move con
bal convoy swe move lvn
bel move nwy
bot move lvn
bre move mid
bul/sc move gre
con move smy
gal support war
gre move ser
ion move gre
kie move ber
mid move naf
mar move spa
mun move boh
nth convoy bel move nwy
nwy move stp
par move bur
por move spa
pru move war
sil support pru move war
stp/nc move bar
swe move lvn via convoy
tri support gre move ser
tyr support mun move boh
tys move ion
ven move tri
wes support mar move spa
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: army/dislodged boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move vie
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet ank
build Army mos
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
ank move con
bal convoy swe move lvn
bar support stp
ber move bal
boh support sil
bot move lvn
bul/sc move gre
bur hold
con move aeg
gal support vie
ion move gre
mid move por
mos support war
naf hold
nth move eng
nrg move nat
nwy move swe
por move spa
pru support swe move lvn
ser support bul/sc move gre
sil support boh
smy move eas
spa move por
stp support swe move lvn
swe move lvn via convoy
tri move tyr
tyr support ven move tri
tys move ion
ven move tri
vie support tri move tyr
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
tyr move ven
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ser move tri
aeg move ion
bal move bot
bar support stp
boh move mun
bot move lvn
bur move bel
con move aeg
eas support aeg move ion
eng move bre
gal move sil
gre support aeg move ion
ion hold
lvn support stp move mos
mid move por
mos support war
por move spa
pru move war
ser move tri
sil support pru move war
spa move por
stp move mos
tri hold
tyr support ser move tri
tys support ion
ven support tri
vie move boh
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move nap
tri move bud
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bot
build Army rom
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tyr move tri
aeg support eas move ion
bal move den
bel move ruh
ber move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bre move mid
bud move ser
eas move ion
gal support war
gre support eas move ion
ion move apu
lvn support pru move war
mid move por
mos support war
mun support sil
naf move wes
nap support tys move ion
pru move war
rom support ven
sil support pru move war
spa support mid move por
stp move mos
swe move fin
tri move ser
tun support tys move ion
tyr move tri
tys move ion
ven hold
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
war move ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tyr move tri
aeg support eas move ion
apu support eas move ion
bar move nwy
boh move sil
bud move ser
eas move ion
fin move stp
gal support ukr move war
gre support eas move ion
kie move hel
lvn support stp move mos
mos support gal move war
mun support sil
nat move iri
nap support tun move ion
rom support ven
ruh support mun
sil support war
spa move mar
stp move mos
tri move ser
tun move ion
tyr move tri
tys support tun move ion
ukr move war
ven hold
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move sev
war move pru
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
remove rum
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tyr move ven
aeg move ion
apu support ion move nap
boh support gal move sil
bud move ser
gal move sil
gre support aeg move ion
ion move nap
iri move eng
lvn move war
mid move wes
mos support lvn move war
mun support ven move tyr
nap hold
nwy move nth
por move mid
pru support lvn move war
ruh support mun
sev move mos
sil support lvn move war
stp support mos
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
tys hold
ven move tyr
war move pru
wes move gol
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
sil move ber
ven move tus
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
apu move nap
ber support ruh move mun
boh move vie
edi move nwy
eng convoy lon move pic
gal move bud
gre support ion
ion support apu move nap
lon move pic
gol move pie
mid move naf
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nap move rom
nth convoy edi move nwy
pru support war
rom hold
ruh move mun
ser move bul
sil move boh
stp move mos
tri move ser
tun support tys move ion
tus support rom
tys move ion
ven support nap move rom
wes support tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army kie
remove mar
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
apu move nap
boh move vie
bud move rum
bul move rum
con support ser move bul
eng move mid
gre support ser move bul
ion move aeg
mos move sev
nap move rom
nwy move stp
pic move bur
rom move ven
ser move bul
sev move arm
tun move ion
tus support rom move ven
tys move nap
ukr support mos move sev
ven support nap move rom
vie move tri
wes support tys
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Turkey: army/dislodged ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ven move pie
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support pie move ven
aeg move con
apu move nap
ber support kie move mun
boh move tyr
bud move rum
bul hold
bur move mar
con move ank
gre move ion
ion move nap
kie move mun
gol support bur move mar
mid hold
mun move boh
pie move ven
pru move war
rom support apu move nap
sev hold
stp move mos
tus move rom
tyr support mun move boh
tys support ion move nap
ukr support war move gal
ven support tus move rom
vie support boh move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Germany: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
tyr move tri
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army edi
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tyr move tri
ank move arm
apu move nap
ber move sil
boh move vie
bul support rum
con move bla
gal support boh move vie
ion support apu move nap
kie move mun
lon move eng
gol support mar move pie
mid move naf
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
naf move tun
rom support apu move nap
rum move sev
sev support ukr move rum
tri support mun move tyr
tus move rom
tyr move ven
ukr move rum
ven support rom
vie support tri
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move ser
tyr disband
vie move bud
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
arm move sev
bla support ser move rum
bud support ser move rum
bul support ser move rum
edi move nwy
eng move mid
gal move bud
ion hold
gol support tys
naf move tun
nap support ion
nth convoy edi move nwy
pie support tyr move ven
rom support nap
ser move rum
sev support rum
sil move boh
tri support tyr move ven
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr move ven
tys support tus move rom
ukr support sev
ven support rom
vie support gal move bud
wes support tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
England: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Turkey: army/dislodged ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move ser
rum move gal
ven move apu
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Army lon
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move gre via convoy
arm move sev
ber move sil
bla support arm move sev
boh move vie
bud support gal move rum
bul support apu move gre
gal move rum
ion convoy apu move gre
kie move mun
lon move nwy via convoy
gol move tus
mid move naf
mun move tyr
naf move tun
nap support ion
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move stp
pie hold
rom move nap
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev support gal move rum
tri move alb
tun move ion
tys support rom move nap
ukr support sev
ven hold
vie move tri
wes support tys
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Germany: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Turkey: fleet/dislodged nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul move con
nap move apu
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Germany: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move nap
arm move sev
bla support gre move bul
bud move ser
bul support ser
con support gre move bul
gre move bul
ion support apu move nap
mid move spa/sc
mun move boh
naf move tun
nwy move stp
pie move tus
rum support sev
ser support bul
sev support rum
sil move gal
stp move mos
tri support bud move ser
tun move tys
tus move rom
ukr support sev
ven support tus move rom
vie move bud
wes support tun move tys
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Germany: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Russia: army/dislodged ser
Russia: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
England: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser disband
tys disband
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Germany: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
build Army mun
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Germany: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move sev
bla support bul
boh move vie
bud move ser
bul support ion move gre
con support bul
gal move bud
ion move gre
kie move ruh
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mos support sev
nap move ion
rom move nap
rum hold
ser move bul
spa/sc hold
tri move alb
tun move ion
tus hold
tyr move ven
tys support tun move ion
ukr support rum
ven move apu
wes move tun
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Germany: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ion move aeg
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Germany: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move gre
apu move nap
arm move sev
bla support bul
bul support aeg move gre
con support bul
ion support alb move gre
mos support sev
nap move ion
rom support apu move nap
ser support alb move gre
sev support rum
tus move rom
tys support apu move nap
ukr support rum
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Germany: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: army nap
Germany: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
