PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move sil
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nth
kie hold
lon move eng
lvp move edi
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun move sil
nap move tys
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
ven move pie
vie move gal
war move sil
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move sil via convoy
bot move swe
bud move ser
bur move mar
edi move nwy via convoy
eng move bel
gal move rum
mid move por
mos move sev
mun support ber move kie
nth convoy edi move nwy
pic move bre
pie hold
sev move rum
tri move alb
tys move tun
ven move tus
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army rom
build Army stp
build Army ven
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move sev
bel move eng
bla support bul move rum
bre move pic
bud move rum
bul move rum
con hold
edi move nrg
gal support bud move rum
mar support par move bur
mos support sev
nap hold
nth support nwy
nwy hold
par move bur
pie hold
por move spa/sc
ser move bul
sev support bud move rum
stp move nwy
swe move den
tun hold
tus hold
war hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bud move rum
bur move ruh
con support bul
den move swe
eng convoy lon move bre
gal support bud move rum
gre support ser move bul
lon move bre via convoy
mar support pic move bur
mos support sev
nap hold
nth move hol
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
pic move bur
pie hold
ser move bul
sev support bud move rum
spa/sc support mar
stp move fin
tun hold
tus hold
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Fleet stp/nc
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla move rum
bre hold
bul move gre
bur move par
con support bul
den support fin move swe
edi move nth
eng convoy lon move bel
fin move swe
gal move sil
gre support ser move bul
hol support lon move bel
lon move bel via convoy
mar hold
mos support sev
nap hold
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
pie hold
ruh move bel
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev hold
spa/sc move mid
stp/nc move nwy
tri move alb
tun hold
tus hold
vie move boh
war support gal move sil
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bel hold
boh support sil move mun
bre hold
bul support rum
den move kie
eng support bre
gre move aeg
hol hold
mid move iri
mar support ruh move bur
mos support sev
nap hold
nth move den
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp
par support ruh move bur
pie hold
ruh move bur
rum support bul
sil move mun
stp/nc support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tun move wes
tus move ven
war move pru
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: army/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move fin
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove fin
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move eas
bel hold
boh move tyr
bre hold
bul support rum
bur move gas
den move nth
eng move wal
gre move aeg
hol hold
iri move lvp
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun support boh move tyr
nth hold
nrg move cly
nwy move swe
par move bre
pru move ber
rum support bul
sev move bla
stp/nc move nwy
tri move ven
vie move bud
war move pru
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
bel move hol
bud move ser
bul move con
cly move lvp
den support ber move kie
eas move smy
gas move bre
hol move nth
lvp hold
mos move sev
mun support ber move kie
nth move nrg
nwy move nrg
par support gas move bre
pru move ber
rum support mos move sev
sev move bla
spa move mar
swe move nwy
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
wal support cly move lvp
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
England: army/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
France: fleet/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move pic
lvp move iri
ven disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove pic
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel hold
ber move kie
bre move pic
bud move tri
con move ank
den support ber move kie
hol support nth
iri move eng
lvp move iri
mar support par move bur
mos move war
mun support ber move kie
nap hold
nth hold
nwy move ska
par move bur
pie move ven
pru move ber
rum hold
ser move alb
sev hold
smy move aeg
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri move adr
ven move rom
vie move tyr
wal support lvp move iri
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move smy
alb move ser
ber move kie
bur move bel
den support ber move kie
eng support pic move lon
hol support nth
ion move tun
iri move eng
kie move ruh
mar move bur
mun support kie move ruh
nap move rom
nth hold
nwy move nth
pic move lon via convoy
rom support tri move ven
rum hold
ska support nwy move nth
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys move tun
ven hold
wal support iri move eng
war move pru
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move lon
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
remove hol
build Army par
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
ank move arm
bre move eng
bud move gal
bur support pic move bel
den move hel
eng support bel
ion support rom move nap
kie move hol
lon support bre move eng
mar support bur
mun move sil
nap hold
nth move lon
nwy move nth
par move pic
pic move bel
pru move ber
rom move nap
ruh move bur
rum move ukr
ser move rum
ska support nwy move nth
smy move con
stp/nc move nwy
swe move den
tri move tyr
tyr move mun
tys move rom
ven move pie
vie move boh
wal move lon
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Austria: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nap disband
nth move edi
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Austria: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move ion
arm move sev
ber support bur move mun
boh move sil
bre move eng
bur move mun
con move bla
den move kie
eng move lon
gal move war
hel move nth
hol support pic move bel
ion move tun
lon support bre move eng
mar move spa
mun hold
nth move nrg
nwy support nth move nrg
par move pic
pic move bel
pie hold
rom hold
ruh support bur move mun
rum support arm move sev
sev move bla
sil move pru
ska support hel move nth
tyr support mun
ukr move mos
wal support eng move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
England: army/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
France: fleet/dislodged lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move bur
lon disband
mun move boh
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
remove bur
remove hol
build Fleet mar
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ber support mun
boh support sil move mun
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move aeg
edi hold
eng convoy bel move lon
ion move tys
kie support ber
lon hold
mar move gol
mos move stp
mun support ber
nap move rom
nth support bel move lon
nrg move bar
nwy move stp/nc
pic move par
pie move mar
pru move ber
rom hold
ruh support mun
rum move ukr
sev move mos
sil move mun
ska move den
spa move mar
tri move ven
tun support ion move tys
tyr support sil move mun
vie move gal
wal hold
war move lvn
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
mun move bur
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bar move stp/nc
bel support ruh
ber move sil
boh support tyr move mun
bur support spa move mar
den move nth
eng support mid move iri
gal move sil
kie move ber
lvn support mos move stp
gol support spa move mar
mid move iri
mos move stp
mun move ber
nap move rom
nth move yor
nwy support bar move stp
par support bur
pie move mar
pru support mun move ber
rom hold
ruh move mun
ser move alb
sev move ukr
spa move mar
tun move naf
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ukr move war
ven support nap move rom
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: fleet/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
rom disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
