PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move tyr
vie move boh
war move lvn
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
boh move sil
bot move bal
bre move eng
bul move rum
den move ska
ion move tun
kie move den
lon move eng
lvn move swe
nth convoy yor move nwy
pic move bel
ruh move hol
rum move bla
ser hold
spa hold
tyr move vie
ukr move rum
ven move tri
yor move nwy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Fleet con
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lvp
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army rom
remove sil
build Army ven
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bal convoy lvn move swe
bel hold
ber move kie
bla support sev move rum
bre hold
bul support sev move rum
con move aeg
ion move adr
kie move hel
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mar move pie
nap move ion
nth support lon move eng
nwy move swe
par move bur
rom move ven
rum move sev
ser move tri
sev move rum
ska move nth
spa move por
tri move bud
tun support nap move ion
ukr move sev
ven move tri
vie support tri move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
arm move sev
bal convoy lvn move swe
bel hold
bla support arm move sev
bre hold
bul move ser
den support lvn move swe
eng support nth move bel
hel move nth
ion move eas
iri move mid
nth move bel
pie move tyr
por hold
rom move ven
rum support bul move ser
ska move nwy
swe hold
tun move ion
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army/dislodged bel
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
ser disband
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army ank
build Fleet con
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bul
bel support eng move nth
bla convoy ank move bul
bre hold
bud support ser move vie
bur support tyr move mun
con move aeg
den move swe
eas support ion move aeg
eng move nth
gre support con move aeg
hol move bel
ion move aeg
kie support mun
lon move yor
lvn move war
mid move eng
nwy support nth
pic support bre
por move spa
rom move ven
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev move mos
smy move eas
swe move nwy
tri move ser
tyr move mun
ven move tri
vie move bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support gre move ion
bel move nth
bud support ven move tri
bul support ser
bur move ruh
den move swe
eas move smy
eng move bel
gre move ion
ion move aeg
mid move por
nth move den
nwy move stp/nc
pic move bur
rom move ven
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev move mos
smy move eas
swe move nwy
tri move alb
tyr move mun
ven move tri
vie support bud
war move ukr
yor support bel move nth
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
ion move nap
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army ber
remove bur
build Army lon
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move gre
bel move pic
ber support mun
bla support sev
bre move eng
bud support tri move ser
bul support ser
eas move ion
hol support kie move ruh
ion move gre
kie move ruh
lon move bel
mos move sev
nap move tys
nth convoy lon move bel
por move spa/sc
ruh support tyr move mun
rum support ser
ser support rum
sev support rum
smy move eas
spa move por
tri move ser
tyr move mun
ukr support mos move sev
vie move gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
France: army/dislodged ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ruh move bur
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
alb support tri move ser
bel move pic
bla support rum
bud support gal move rum
bul move gre
bur move mun
eas move ion
eng move bre
gal move rum
ion move tun
lon move eng
mun support ruh move bur
nth convoy nwy move yor
nwy move yor
pic move bre
por move spa/sc
ruh move bur
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev support rum
smy move eas
spa move por
tri move ser
tyr support bur move mun
tys move nap
ukr hold
ven move tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
mun move ruh
ser move bul
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bre
remove stp/nc
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb support ser
bel move bur
ber move mun
bla support rum
bre move wal
bud support gal move rum
bul support gre
bur support ber move mun
eas move ion
eng convoy bre move wal
gal move rum
gre support bul
ion support nap move tys
lon move eng
mos move sev
mun move kie
nap move tys
nth move bel
pic support lon move eng
ruh support ber move mun
rum support sev
ser support bud move rum
sev support rum
spa hold
tri support ser
tun support eas move ion
tyr move boh
ukr support bud move rum
yor move wal
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move iri
ion move nap
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move gre
bel move bur
bla support rum
boh move mun
bud support gal move rum
bul support gre
bur move mar
eng move bre
gal move rum
gre support bul
hol support ruh move kie
ion move apu
iri move mid
kie support boh move mun
mos move sev
mun support ruh move kie
nap support tys
nth move lon
pic support eng move bre
por move spa/sc
ruh move kie
rum support bul
ser support gal move rum
sev support rum
spa move por
tri move ven
tun support aeg move ion
tys move tun
ukr support bud move rum
wal move lvp
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: army/dislodged bre
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
France: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move par
kie move ber
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove ber
remove boh
build Army edi
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move nap
bla support sev
bre move mid
bud support rum
bul move rum
bur move pic
gre move bul
ion support apu move nap
kie move ber
lon move nth
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mos move sev
nap support tys move ion
pic move eng
por support mar move spa
rom support nap
rum support ukr move sev
ser support alb move gre
sev support bul move rum
spa move gas
tun move tys
tys move ion
ukr support mos move sev
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move nap
bla support sev move rum
bre move mid
bud move tri
bul support sev move rum
edi move nwy
eng convoy wal move bel
gas move bre
gre support ser move bul
ion support apu move nap
mid move spa/sc
mos support ukr move sev
mun move bur
nap support tys move ion
nth convoy edi move nwy
par support gas move bre
pic move bre
por support bre move mid
rom support nap
rum support ukr move sev
ser move bul
sev move rum
tun move tys
tys move ion
ukr move sev
wal move bel
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Italy: army/dislodged rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move con
mid move iri
rum move bud
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
remove par
remove por
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
ber move sil
bla move arm
bre move par
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur move par
con move bul
eng move wal
gre support bul
ion move aeg
iri move lvp
kie move hel
mid move iri
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nap move apu
nth convoy nwy move yor
nwy move yor
pic move par
rom move nap
rum move ukr
sev support bud move rum
tri move vie
tys move ion
ven move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu move adr
bre move par
bul support rum
bur support hol move bel
den move nth
gal support sev move rum
gre support bul
hel support den move nth
hol move bel
ion support nap move tys
lvp hold
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move tys
rum support bul
sev move rum
sil move ber
spa move por
swe move nwy
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Germany: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Germany: army por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bre
remove iri
build Army kie
build Army mun
build Army nap
build Army rom
remove wal
build Army war
remove yor
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
arm move sev
bel support bur move pic
ber move kie
bul support gre
bur move pic
gal move rum
gre support bul
hel move nth
ion move tun
kie move den
lvp move wal
mun move ruh
nap move rom
nth move nrg
pic hold
por move spa
rom move ven
ruh move bur
rum support bul
sev support gal move rum
tun move ion
tys support ion move tun
ven move tyr
vie move boh
war move ukr
yor hold
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Turkey: fleet/dislodged tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
tun move wes
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
arm move bla
bel move bur
boh support ven move mun
bre support par
bul support rum
bur move par
con move bul
gal support ukr move rum
gre support bul
ion move eas
kie support ruh move mun
nth support nwy move edi
nrg convoy nwy move edi
nwy move edi
par hold
pic support bur move par
rom move ven
ruh move mun
sev support ukr move rum
spa move gas
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ukr move rum
ven move pie
wal move lon
wes move spa/sc
yor move lvp
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Italy: army/dislodged rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move bud
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army war
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bel move yor
ber move pru
bla move bul/ec
boh move gal
bre support par move pic
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur support pic move par
con move smy
den move swe
eas move smy
gal move bud
gas support pic move par
gre support bul
kie move ber
lon move eng
lvp move wal
nth convoy bel move yor
nrg move bar
par hold
pic move par
pie move ven
rum support gal move bud
tun move ion
tyr move vie
ven move tri
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Italy: army/dislodged bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
bud move ser
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ber move sil
bla support con move bul
bre move par
bud hold
bul support ser move rum
bur move pic
con move bul
eas support ion move aeg
edi move lvp
eng move bel
gal support ser move rum
gas move spa
gre support bul
ion move aeg
mun move boh
nth support yor move lon
rum support bud
ser move rum
sev move ukr
stp move lvn
swe move fin
tri move bud
vie support tri move bud
wal support yor move lvp
war hold
yor move lon
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Italy: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud disband
rum move sev
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Italy: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove wal
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Italy: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
bel move hol
bla support con
bre hold
bud support rum
bul move con
con support smy
eas move smy
gre move ser
lvn move pru
gol support gas move spa
rum support bul
smy support con
ukr move mos
vie support gal
war move sil
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Italy: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
smy move syr
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Italy: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
bar support fin move stp
bla support con
bre hold
bud move gal
bul move con
con support syr move smy
fin move stp
gal move ukr
gas support par move bre
hol hold
lvn support war move pru
mos move stp
par move bre
pic move bel
pru support sil move war
ser support rum
sev hold
sil move war
smy support bul move con
syr move smy
war move pru
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
France: army/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Germany: army/dislodged pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move pic
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove lvn
build Fleet nap
remove pic
remove pru
build Army rom
remove syr
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
bla support con
bul move con
hol move kie
mos support sev move ukr
nap move tys
rom move ven
rum support ukr move sev
ser support rum
sev move ukr
smy support bul move con
ukr move sev
ven move pie
vie support gal
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army con
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
con move ank
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
ank support bla move con
bla move con
kie hold
gol support pie move mar
mos support sev
pie move mar
rum support ukr move sev
sev hold
smy support con
tys move wes
ukr move sev
ven move tyr
vie support gal
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bla
build Fleet rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
gal support ukr
kie move ber
gol move spa/sc
rom move tys
rum move sev
ser move bud
tyr move mun
ukr support rum move sev
ven move tyr
vie move boh
wes support gol move spa/sc
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
France: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev disband
spa/sc move por
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
France: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
ber hold
bud support gal
mar support spa/sc
mos hold
sev support ukr move mos
tyr move boh
tys move wes
ukr move mos
vie support tyr move boh
wes move mid
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
France: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: army/dislodged boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
