PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
arm move sev
bot move swe
bud support ser move rum
bul support alb move gre
bur move mar
den hold
gal move rum
kie move hol
mid move por
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
ruh move mun
ser move rum
sev support gal move rum
spa move mar
ukr support gal move rum
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bre
build Army con
build Army edi
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move tun via convoy
arm move sev
bel hold
ber move sil
bla support arm move sev
bre move pic
bud support vie move gal
bul move rum
bur support spa move mar
con move bul
edi move yor
gal support ukr move rum
gre move ion
hol support kie move ruh
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move ruh
lon move nth
mar move gol
mos support sev
mun support kie move ruh
nth move ska
nwy move stp/nc
pie move mar
por move mid
ser support bul move rum
sev support ukr move rum
spa move mar
swe hold
tri move vie
ukr move rum
vie move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
gal move war
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel support ruh move bur
bla support arm move sev
bud hold
bul support rum
bur move mar
den support ska move swe
gal support sil move war
gre hold
ion move tys
gol support mar move pie
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun support ruh move bur
nth convoy yor move nwy
pic move bur
pie hold
ruh move bur
rum support arm move sev
ser support bud
sil move war
ska move swe
stp/nc hold
vie move boh
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
Italy: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
pie move ven
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
bla move con
boh move gal
bud move rum
bul move rum
bur support bel move pic
con move bul
gal move ukr
gre support ser move bul
kie support den
lon move eng
lvp move iri
gol support pie move mar
mar move gas
mun support bur
nap move tys
nth support lon move eng
nwy move stp
pic move par
pie move mar
rum move ukr
ser move bul
sev support rum move ukr
smy move aeg
stp/nc move bar
swe hold
tun hold
tys hold
ven move tus
war support gal move ukr
wes support gol
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bla move bul
bar move nrg
bla move bul/ec
boh move gal
bud move rum
bul hold
bur move par
con support bla move bul
eng support pic move bre
gal move ukr
gas support mar move bur
gre support bul
iri move mid
kie move mun
gol move spa/sc
mar move bur
mun move sil
nap move tys
nth move bel
par move bre
pic move bre
rum support bla move bul
sev support rum
stp support war move mos
swe hold
tus move pie
tys move gol
war move mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul move ser
bur move pic
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Army lon
build Army smy
remove wes
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
bel move nth
bre support pic move par
bud move rum
bul/ec move bla
bur move par
con move bul
eng support lon move bel
gal support bud move rum
gas support par move bre
gre support ser move bul
hol support lon move bel
iri move mid
kie move ber
lon move bel via convoy
gol hold
mos support sil move war
mun move bur
nrg move nat
par move bre
pic move par
pie move tyr
rum move ukr
ser move bul
sev support rum move ukr
sil move war
smy move con
spa/sc move por
stp hold
swe hold
tun move tus via convoy
tys convoy tun move tus
ukr move sev
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
ber move sil
bla support ukr move rum
bre support gas
bur move ruh
con move bul
eng convoy lon move bre
gal move vie
gas support bre
gre support rum move bul
hol move ruh
lon move bre via convoy
gol move spa/sc
mid support lon move bre
mos move war
mun move bur
nat support mid
nth move bel
pic support lon move bre
por move spa/nc
rum move bul
ser move tri
sev support ukr move rum
smy move con
stp hold
swe hold
tus move ven
tyr move vie
tys move ion
ukr move rum
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
France: army/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bre move par
rum move bud
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move gre
bel hold
bla support rum
bre hold
bud move ser
bur support par
con move bul
eng support bre
gal hold
gas move bre
gre hold
hol move ruh
ion support smy move gre
lon hold
gol move wes
mid move wes
mos move ukr
mun support pic move bur
nat move mid
par support gas move bre
pic move bur
por move mid
rum support con move bul
sev support rum
sil move boh
smy move gre via convoy
stp move nwy
tri support vie move tyr
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie move bud
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bur move mar
tri move vie
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
bel support lon move pic
bla move con
boh support mun move tyr
bre support bur move par
bud support ser
bul move ser
bur move par
eng convoy lon move pic
gal move rum
gas move bre
gre support bul move ser
ion hold
lon move pic via convoy
gol move wes
mid support bre
mar move spa
mun move tyr
nat support mid
nwy hold
par support gas move bre
por move spa/sc
ruh move bur
rum support bul move ser
ser hold
sev support rum
swe move ska
tri hold
ukr support war move gal
ven support tri
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army nap
build Army smy
remove vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move gre
bel move eng
boh move vie
bre move gas
bud move vie
bul move ser
bur move par
con move bla
den move kie
eng move bre
gal support boh move vie
gas support par move bre
gre move alb
ion convoy nap move alb
mid support bre move gas
mar support gas
nat support mid
nap move alb via convoy
nwy hold
par move bre
pic support bur move par
por support wes move mid
ruh move mun
rum support bul move ser
ser move tri
sev support rum
sil move ber
ska move nth
smy move gre via convoy
tri hold
ukr move war
ven support tri
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move gre
bel hold
ber move kie
bla hold
bre move par
bud move ser
eng support pic move bre
gal move bud
gas support bre move par
gre move bul
ion hold
kie move ber
mid support pic move bre
mar move bur
mun support kie move ber
nat support mid
nap move rom
nth hold
nwy hold
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
por move spa/sc
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev move mos
smy move gre via convoy
tri support rum move bud
tyr move tri
ven support tri
vie support gal move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army/dislodged ber
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move pru
par move pic
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Army lon
remove pru
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move sev via convoy
bel hold
ber move kie
bla convoy ank move sev
bre hold
bud move tri
bul move rum
bur move ruh
con move bul
eng support bre
gal move bud
gas move bre
gre move ser
ion move tys
lon hold
mid move spa/nc
mos support rum move ukr
mun move bur
nat support mid
nth hold
nwy move stp
par support gas move bre
pic move par
rom move tus
rum move ukr
ser move bud
spa/sc move por
tri support ser move bud
tyr support bud move tri
ven support tri
vie support gal move bud
war move mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bel hold
bla support rum
bre support pic move par
bud move tri
bul support gre move ser
bur move mun
eng support bre
gal move ukr
gas move spa
gre move ser
kie move hol
lon hold
mos move war
nat move mid
nth move hol
par move pic
pic move par
por support gas move spa
ruh move mun
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev move mos
spa/nc move por
stp move mos
tyr support bud move tri
ukr support mos move war
vie support bud move tri
war support gal move ukr
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
par move gas
tri move alb
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
remove gas
build Fleet lvp
build Army mun
remove tys
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move tri
bel move hol
bla support bul move rum
bre move gas
bud support alb move tri
bul move rum
bur move ruh
con move bul
eng support nat move mid
gal support war
gre hold
kie move hol
lon move nwy via convoy
lvp move iri
mos move lvn
mun support bur move ruh
nat move mid
nth convoy lon move nwy
par support bre move gas
por move mid
ruh move bur
rum move ukr
ser support bud
sev support ukr move mos
spa move mar
stp move mos
tri move ser
tus move pie
tyr move pie
ukr move mos
ven support alb move tri
vie support tri
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move nth
bla convoy con move sev
bud move gal
bul move ser
con move sev via convoy
eng support iri move mid
gal support war
gas move mar
gre move ion
iri move mid
kie move bal
lvn support sev move mos
mid move naf
mar support wes move spa
mun support tyr
nth move ska
nwy move stp
par move bur
por support wes move spa
ruh support par move bur
rum support bud move gal
ser move bud
sev move mos
stp move mos
tri support ser move bud
tus move pie
tyr support vie
ukr support bud move gal
ven support tri
vie support gal
war support stp move mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army/dislodged gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
gal move boh
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bal support stp move lvn
bla move con
boh support vie
bud support tri move vie
bur move mar
con move bul
eng move mid
gal support lvn move war
gas support bur move mar
ion move tun
lvn move war
mid move spa/sc
mar move gas
mun move sil
naf move wes
nap move tys
nth hold
nwy move stp
pie move mar
por move mid
rom move tus
ruh move bur
rum support gal
ser support ven move tri
sev move mos
ska move nwy
spa/sc support pie move mar
stp move lvn
tri hold
tyr move pie
ukr support sev move mos
ven support tri
war move mos
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
war move pru
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support lvn
boh move gal
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur support mar
con move aeg
eng hold
gal support bud move vie
gas move spa
lvn support stp move mos
mid support gas move spa
mar support gas move spa
mos support war
nth hold
nwy hold
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
pru move war
rum move sev
ser move bud
sil support pru move war
spa/sc support pie move mar
stp move mos
tri support bud move vie
tun move wes
tus move pie
tyr support vie
tys support tun move wes
ukr support war
ven move tyr
vie hold
war support mos
wes support gas move spa
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
wes move naf
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army edi
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
boh support sil
bud support vie
bur move mar
con move bul
edi move nwy via convoy
eng hold
gal move boh
gas support mar move spa
lvn support mos
mid support mar move spa
mar move spa
mos move ukr
naf move wes
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move bar
pie move tyr
por support spa/sc
pru move war
rum move gal
sev move mos
sil support pru move war
smy move aeg
spa/sc move mar
tri support pie move tyr
tus move pie
tyr support boh
tys move tun
ukr support sev move mos
ven support pie move tyr
vie support gal move boh
war move lvn
wes support spa/sc
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: army/dislodged boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
England: army/dislodged mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army/dislodged tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh disband
mos move stp
spa/sc move gol
tyr move mun
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bar hold
boh support tyr move mun
bud move gal
bul move rum
eng move mid
gal move war
gas support mar
ion move tys
lvn support stp move mos
gol support pie move mar
mid move por
mar support spa
mos support gal move war
mun support sil
naf move wes
nth hold
nwy move stp
pie move mar
por support wes move spa
sil support mun
spa support mid move por
stp move mos
tun move naf
tyr move mun
ukr support mos
ven move tyr
vie support bud move gal
war move ukr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
Turkey: army/dislodged mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move sev
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
remove ven
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar move nrg
ber support kie move mun
boh move sil
bud move gal
eng support mid
gal move war
gas move spa
ion move tys
kie move mun
lvn support war
mid support spa move por
mar support gas move spa
mos move ukr
mun move bur
naf move wes
nth hold
por support wes move spa
rum support ukr
sev move mos
sil support war
spa move por
stp support mos
tys move wes
ukr support gal move war
vie support bud move gal
war support mos move ukr
wes move naf
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
Germany: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move mun
boh support gal move sil
bud support rum move gal
bur support mar
eng move iri
gal move sil
ion move tys
lvn support war
gol support pie move mar
mid support naf move wes
mar support spa
mos move ukr
mun move boh
naf move wes
nth move eng
nrg move nat
pie move mar
por support spa
rum move gal
sev support ukr
sil support mun move boh
spa support mar
stp support mos
tri hold
tun support wes move naf
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr support rum move gal
vie support boh
war support mos move ukr
wes move naf
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move den
ber move sil
boh support gal move sil
bud move gal
bur support mar
eng move bre
gal move sil
ion move tys
iri support mid
kie support mun
lon move eng
lvn support war
mid support naf move wes
mar support spa
mos move ukr
mun support sil move boh
naf move wes
nat support mid
por support spa
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
sil move boh
spa support mar
stp support mos
tys move wes
ukr move war
vie support boh
war support ber move sil
wes move naf
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
sil move pru
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move sil
boh support vie move tyr
bre support iri move mid
bur support mun
eng support iri move mid
gal support sil move war
ion move nap
iri move mid
kie support mun
lvn support war
mid move naf
mos move ukr
mun support ber move sil
nat support iri move mid
pie move mar
pru support war
rum support ukr
sev move mos
sil move war
spa support mar
stp support mos
tys move rom
ukr support sil move war
vie move tyr
war support ber move sil
wes support mid move naf
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
tyr move ven
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army con
build Fleet smy
remove tri
remove ven
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
boh support tyr
bre move gas
bur move mun
con move bul
eng support nat move mid
gal support boh
kie support bur move mun
lvn support war
gol support tun move wes
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
naf support wes move tun
nat move mid
nap move tys
pie move mar
pru move sil
rom move tus
rum support gal
sev support ukr
sil move gal
smy move aeg
spa support mar
stp move mos
tun move wes
tyr support boh
ukr support gal
war support sil move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bul move ser
bur support spa move mar
con move aeg
eng support nat move mid
gas support mid move spa
kie support mun
lvn support war
mid move spa/sc
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun support sil move boh
naf move tun
nat move mid
por support mid move spa
pru move sil
rum support gal
sev support ukr
sil move boh
spa move mar
stp support mos
tus support tys
tyr support boh
tys support tun
war support pru move sil
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move gre
bur support mar
con move gre via convoy
eng support gas move mid
gas move mid
ion support tun
kie support mun
lvn support war
mid move spa/sc
mos move ukr
naf support wes move tun
nat move nrg
por support spa
pru support sil
rum support gal
ser move tri
sev support ukr
sil support war
spa move gas
stp support mos
tus move gol
tyr support boh
tys support tus move gol
war support mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bur move mar
eng move mid
gre move alb
ion support tun
kie support mun
lvn support war
gol move wes
mid move spa/sc
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun support sil
naf move tun
nrg move nat
pru support sil
rum support gal
sev support ukr
sil support war
spa/sc move gol
stp support mos
tri move ven
tyr support boh
tys support gol move wes
war support mos move ukr
wes support spa/sc move gol
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move tri
bur support mar
gre move ion
ion move nap
kie support mun
lon move eng
lvn support war
gol support spa/sc move wes
mid move spa/sc
mos move sev
mun support sil
naf support spa/sc move wes
nat move mid
pru support sil
rum support gal
sev support ukr
sil support war
smy move aeg
spa/sc move wes
stp support mos
tyr support boh
tys support wes move tun
ven move tus
wes move tun
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bur support mar
eng move mid
gas move spa
ion move tys
kie support mun
lvn support war
gol move tys
mid move naf
mos move ukr
mun support sil
naf move tun
nap support ion move tys
pru support sil
rum support gal
sev support ukr
sil support war
spa/sc move gol
stp support mos
tri move vie
tun support ion move tys
tus move ven
tyr support boh
tys move tus
war support stp move mos
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur support kie move mun
gas support mar
ion support tys
kie move mun
lon move eng
lvn support war
gol support mar move pie
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun move tyr
naf support tun
nap support tys
pru support sil
rum move bud
sev support ukr
sil support war
smy move aeg
spa/sc support gol
stp support mos
tun support wes move tys
tus support ven move pie
tyr support boh
tys support tus
ven move pie
vie support gal
war support mos move ukr
wes move tys
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bud support gal
bur support mar
eng move mid
gas support mar
ion move tys
kie support mun
lvn support war
gol support wes move tys
mid move spa/sc
mos move ukr
naf support tun
nap support ion move tys
pru support sil
sev support ukr
sil support war
spa/sc move wes
stp support mos
tun support wes move tys
tus move pie
tyr support tus move pie
tys move gol
ven move tri
vie support boh
war support mos move ukr
wes move tys
PHASE 1916 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army/dislodged pie
Turkey: fleet pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet/dislodged tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
tys move rom
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bud support gal
bur support mun
gas move spa
ion hold
lvn support war
gol support wes move tys
mid support spa/sc move wes
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun support sil
naf support tun
nap move rom
pie support rom move tus
pru support sil
rom move tus
sev support ukr
sil support mun
smy move eas
spa/sc move wes
stp support mos
tri move ven
tun support wes move tys
tyr support pie
tys move tus
vie support boh
war support mos move ukr
wes move tys
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
bud support gal
bur support mun
eas move ion
gas move spa
ion move nap
kie move ber
lvn support war
gol support tys move tus
mid support spa/sc move wes
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun support sil
naf support tun
nap move rom
pie support rom move tus
pru support war
rom move tus
sev support ukr
sil support war
spa/sc move wes
stp support mos
tun support wes move tys
tyr support pie
tys move tus
ven support rom move tus
vie support boh
war support mos move ukr
wes move tys
PHASE 1918 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
ber support sil
bud support gal
bur support mun
eas move ion
gas move spa
ion move tys
lvn support war
gol support mar move pie
mid support spa/sc move wes
mar move pie
mos move sev
naf support wes move tun
nap support ion move tys
pie support ven move tus
pru support war
rom support ion move tys
sev support ukr
spa/sc move wes
stp support mos
tun move ion
tyr support pie
tys support tun move ion
ven move tus
vie support boh
war support mos move ukr
wes move tun
PHASE 1918 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
