PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mos move war
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move gas
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla support bul move rum
bot move swe
bre move pic
bul move rum
con move bul
den move swe
gas move mar
ion move tun
kie move hol
lon move nth
nth move nwy
ruh move mun
rum move sev
ser support alb move gre
sil move mun
spa move por
tri hold
wal hold
war move sil
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move sil
bla move sev
bot move swe
bud support vie move gal
bul support rum
con support bul
den move swe
gre hold
hol support nth move bel
lon move eng
mar support par move bur
mun support ber move sil
nth move bel
nwy support den move swe
par move bur
pic move bel
por move spa
rom move tys
ruh move bur
rum support bla move sev
ser support bud
sev hold
sil move war
tri move vie
tun move wes
vie move gal
wal hold
war move ukr
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: fleet/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm support ukr move sev
bel hold
bot move bal
bud move rum
bul support rum
bur move pic
con move ank
eng convoy wal move bre
gal support bud move rum
gre move bul/sc
mar hold
mun support ruh move bur
nwy move stp/nc
pic move bre
pie move mar
ruh move bur
rum support sev
ser support gre move bul/sc
sev support rum
sil move war
spa hold
swe move bot
tys move gol
ukr move sev
ven hold
vie move tri
wal move bre
war hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: fleet/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul move con
bur move par
rum move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bal move den
bel support eng move pic
bot move swe
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul/sc move aeg
bur support pie move mar
con move bul
eng move pic
gal support rum move ukr
lon move eng
lvp move iri
gol support pie move mar
mar move bur
mun move kie
par support mar move bur
pic support bre move eng
pie move mar
rum move ukr
ser move bul
sev move mos
sil move ber
spa move por
stp/nc hold
tri move alb
ukr move mos
vie support gal
war move mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move mun
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move tri
arm move smy
bel move nth
ber move mun
bre hold
bur hold
con support arm move smy
den hold
gal hold
hol support mun move ruh
iri support lon move eng
kie move den
lon move eng
mun move ruh
par hold
pic support lon move eng
por hold
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
stp/nc hold
swe support kie move den
ukr hold
vie move tri
wal move lon
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move bal
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army ber
build Fleet nap
remove par
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
alb move ser
ank support con
arm move smy
bal support sil move ber
ber move kie
bre move mid
bul move con
bur move bel
con support smy
den move kie
eng support pic move bre
gal hold
hol hold
iri move mid
lon move bel
mun support ruh move bur
nap move ion
nth convoy lon move bel
pic move bre
rom move tys
ruh move bur
rum hold
sil move ber
smy support ank
stp/nc hold
swe move bal
vie hold
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move gas
bur move par
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank support con
arm move smy
bal move kie
ber move kie
bre hold
bul move gre
bur move bel
con support smy
den move kie
eng support bre
gal move war
gas move bre
hol support bur move bel
ion move tys
iri move mid
lon move bel
gol support spa/sc
mun move sil
nth convoy lon move bel
par support gas move bre
por hold
rum move sev
ser move tri
sil move mun
smy support ank
spa/sc hold
stp/nc move nwy
swe move bal
tys move wes
ukr move mos
vie move tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army bud
build Army kie
remove par
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
ank move arm
bel move pic
ber move sil
bre support mid
bud move rum
bul move con
con support smy
den move swe
eng convoy lon move pic
gas move spa/nc
hol move bel
kie move den
lon move pic
gol hold
mid hold
mar support spa/sc
mos move sev
mun move bur
nth move bel
nwy move swe
por support gas move spa/nc
sev move arm
smy support con
spa/sc hold
swe move ska
tri move alb
tys move wes
wes move naf
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
alb move gre
ank move arm
bel support hol
bre move gas
bul move con
bur move par
con support smy
den move swe
eng convoy lon move bre
gas move spa/nc
hol support bel
kie move den
lon move bre
gol move wes
mid support gas move spa/sc
mar support spa/sc
mos hold
naf support wes move mid
nth support nwy move ska
nwy move ska
por support gas move spa/nc
rum move gal
ser move tri
sev move arm
sil move gal
ska support den move swe
smy support con
spa/sc support wes move mid
vie move tri
war hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move iri
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army mun
build Army tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move eas
ank move bla
bel move ruh
ber move pru
bre support eng move pic
bul move con
con hold
eng move pic
gre move aeg
hol move kie
iri move mid
lon move nwy
mid move por
mar move bur
mos hold
mun move boh
naf support wes move mid
nth convoy lon move nwy
par move bur
rum move gal
ser move tri
sev move arm
ska support lon move nwy
smy move ank
spa/sc support wes move mid
swe move nwy
tri move tyr
ven support tri move tyr
vie support tri move tyr
war support rum move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
ank support con
arm move smy
bla move bul/ec
boh move mun
bre move eng
bul move con
con support bla move bul/ec
den support swe
eas support arm move smy
gal support war
iri move eng
kie move hol
mid move spa/nc
mar move bur
mos support war
naf support spa/sc move mid
nth move den
nwy move swe
par move bur
pic move bel
por support spa/sc move mid
pru support sil move war
ruh move bel
sil move war
ska support nwy move swe
spa/sc move mid
swe support den
tri support tyr
tyr hold
ven move pie
vie support gal
war hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: army swe
Germany: army/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bul move rum
swe move fin
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lvp
remove ruh
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy move con
ank move smy
bre support iri move eng
bul/ec support con
con support ank move smy
den hold
eas move smy
fin move stp
gal support war
hol hold
iri move eng
lvp move nat
mid move gas
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun move tyr
naf move mid
nth move nwy
par move bur
pic move bel
pie move mar
por support naf move mid
pru move war
rum move bul
sil support pru move war
ska support swe move den
smy move con
spa/sc support naf move mid
swe move den
tri move ser
tyr support vie move boh
ven move pie
vie move boh
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: army/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
den move kie
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con
ank support bul/ec move con
bel hold
boh move mun
bre hold
bul/ec move con
con support eas move smy
den move swe
eas move smy
eng support bre
gal support war
gas support mid move bre
hol move bel
kie support mun
mid move bre
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun support kie
nat move mid
nwy move stp/nc
par support mid move bre
pie move mar
por support spa/sc move mid
pru move ber
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sil support mun
ska move swe
spa/sc move mid
tyr support boh move mun
ven move pie
war support gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
England: fleet/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bul/ec
Italy: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bre move pic
bul/ec move bla
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove ank
build Fleet lon
remove par
build Fleet rom
remove sil
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy bul move smy
bel support pic move eng
ber support mun
bla move sev
boh support gal move sil
bre hold
bul move smy
bur move par
con move ank
den move swe
eng move iri
fin move stp
gal move sil
gas support bre
hol move bel
kie move den
lon support pic move eng
mid hold
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun support ber
nat support eng move iri
nwy move stp/nc
pic move eng
pie move mar
por support mid
rom move tys
ser move rum
ska move den
smy move eas
tri move tyr
tyr move mun
vie move gal
war move pru
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
bel support lon move eng
ber support mun
bla move rum
boh move mun
bre move eng
bur support hol move bel
eng move mid
gal move sil
gas support mid
hol move bel
iri support eng move mid
kie support mun
lon move eng
mid hold
mos move sev
mun support ber
nat support eng move mid
nwy move stp/nc
par support bre
por support mid
pru support sil move ber
rum move sev
sil move ber
smy move con
swe support ska move den
tri hold
tyr support boh move mun
tys move wes
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
England: fleet/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move nth
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army bud
remove lon
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel move hol
ber support tyr move mun
boh support tyr move mun
bre move pic
bud move tri
bul/sc move gre
bur move ruh
con move bul
eas hold
eng support iri move mid
gas move bre
iri move mid
kie support mun
mid support gas move bre
mar move bur
mun support kie
nat support iri move mid
nth support eng
par support bre move pic
por support mid
pru move ber
rum move ukr
sil support tyr move mun
ska move den
stp/nc hold
swe support ska move den
tri move tyr
tyr move mun
ven hold
vie support tri move tyr
wes support mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move smy
ber move kie
boh support mun
bre move pic
bul move gre
bur support bre move pic
den move kie
eas move aeg
eng move bel
gre move ion
hol move bel
iri move eng
kie move hol
mid move bre
mos move lvn
mun support ber move kie
nat move iri
nth support eng move bel
par support mid move bre
pic move bel
por support wes move mid
pru move ber
ruh support pic move bel
sil support mun
stp/nc move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ukr move mos
ven move pie
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove pie
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move nap
ber support kie
boh support mun
bre support mid move eng
bud move gal
bur support ruh move bel
den move hel
eng support iri move mid
fin move nwy
hol move bel
ion convoy smy move nap
iri move mid
kie hold
lvn support mos move stp
mid move eng
mos move stp
mun support kie
nat support iri move mid
nth support eng
pic support mid move eng
por support wes move mid
ruh move bel
smy move nap
stp/nc move nwy
swe move den
tri move adr
tyr move ven
ven move pie
vie move tri
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
eng move lon
stp/nc move bar
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Italy: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg convoy gre move tun
bar move nwy
ber support kie
boh move tyr
bre support eng
bur move mar
den move kie
eng support por move mid
fin move nwy
gal move boh
gre move tun
hel support nth move hol
hol move bel
ion convoy gre move tun
iri support lon move eng
lon move eng
lvn support stp
mun support kie
nat move mid
nap hold
nth move hol
par move bur
pic support eng
pie move mar
por move mid
stp hold
tri move ven
ven move rom
wes move tun
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
Italy: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army/dislodged hol
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
hol move ruh
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
