PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move nap
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
arm move sev
bre move eng
bul move rum
bur move mun
ion convoy nap move tun
kie move den
lon move wal
nap move tun via convoy
nth move nwy
pic move bel
ruh move mun
ser support alb move gre
ven move tri
vie move tri
wal move yor
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army con
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel hold
bla support arm move sev
bot move swe
bre move mid
bud move rum
bur support bel
con move bul
den move kie
eng move lon
gre move aeg
hol move hel
ion move eas
kie move hol
lon move eng
mun move bur
nap move tys
nwy move nth
ruh support mun move bur
rum move ukr
ser move bul
sev hold
tri move vie
ukr support sev
ven move pie
vie move gal
wal support lon move eng
war support ukr
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bur move par
eng move bre
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
bla support rum
bud support gal move rum
bur move gas
con move bul
eas move smy
eng convoy yor move pic
gal move rum
hel move den
hol move bel
kie move mun
mid move spa/sc
nth convoy yor move pic
pie move mar
ruh support hol move bel
ser support gal move rum
sev support rum
tys move wes
ukr support gal move rum
vie move gal
wal support eng
war support ukr
yor move pic via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel disband
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ser move bul
bla move rum
bud support rum
con hold
eng move mid
gal support vie move boh
gas move par
mar support tun move spa
mos move sev
nth move eng
par support bre
pic move bre
ruh move bur
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support bla move rum
smy move con
tun move spa via convoy
ukr support mos move sev
ven move pie
vie move boh
wal move iri
war support ukr
wes convoy tun move spa
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev move arm
spa/sc move por
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
arm move sev
boh move tyr
bre hold
bud support rum
bul support aeg move con
bur support gas move par
eng support pic move bre
gal support rum
gas move par
mid move por
nap move tys
par support bre
pic move bre
pie support mar
rum support bul
sev hold
smy support aeg move con
spa support mid move por
ukr support sev
wes support spa
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre disband
con disband
par disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bla
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army tri
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move ank
bel move ruh
bud support rum
bul move con
con move bla
den move ska
edi move nrg
gal move sil
kie move bal
lon move nth
mar move spa
par move gas
por move mid
rum support gal
sev move arm
spa move gas
stp/nc move nwy
swe move bal
tri support tyr
tyr support vie move boh
tys move gol
ukr move war
vie move boh
war move sil
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank hold
arm move ank
bla support con move ank
boh support gal move sil
bre move pic
bud move gal
bur move pic
con move ank
eng move bel
gal move sil
iri move eng
kie move hel
mid move bre
mar support spa move gas
mun hold
nth support swe move den
nrg move nwy
nwy move bar
par move bre
pie support ven
ruh support mun
rum support bud move gal
ska move nwy
spa move gas
swe move den
tri support tyr
tyr support boh
ukr move mos
ven hold
war move pru
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove hel
build Army lon
remove ruh
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm move sev
bar move stp/nc
bla support rum move sev
boh support tyr move mun
bre move par
bud move gal
bur move gas
gal move war
gas support mar move bur
lon move hol via convoy
mid move bre
mar move bur
mos move war
nth convoy lon move hol
nrg move nwy
par support bur move gas
pru move ber
rum move sev
sil support gal move war
ska move swe
spa/sc move wes
stp/sc move bot
tri move bud
tyr move mun
ven move tyr
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move ruh
mun move kie
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel support hol
ber hold
bla support sev
boh support mun
bot move swe
bre support bur move par
bud move rum
bur move par
den support bot move swe
eng move nth
gal support war
gas support bur move par
hol support bel
kie support ruh move hol
gol move spa/sc
mid move eng
mun support sil
nth move den
nwy support den move swe
pie move mar
pru move lvn
ruh move hol
sil support mun
tyr support mun
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Germany: army/dislodged par
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
par move pic
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army bud
remove den
build Army lon
remove pic
build Fleet rom
remove ruh
remove stp/nc
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel move eng
ber hold
boh move sil
bot move swe
bre move pic
bud move rum
eng move bre
gal support war
gas move bre
hol move kie
kie hold
lvn support mos
mid move por
mar move bur
mos support lvn
mun support boh move sil
nth move den
nwy support bot move swe
par support gas move bre
rom move tys
rum move ukr
sev move mos
sil move pru
spa/sc move por
swe hold
tri move adr
tyr support mun
vie move boh
war support sev move mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
arm move sev
ber hold
bla move con
boh support tyr move mun
bur move pic
den support hol move kie
eng support pic move bre
hol move kie
kie hold
lon move wal
lvn support mos
mid move por
mos support lvn
mun move ber
nwy move stp/nc
par support bre
pic move bre
pru support war move lvn
sev move mos
sil support mun move ber
smy move aeg
spa/sc move por
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr support sev move mos
war move lvn
wes move naf
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie disband
mos disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet rom
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber move kie
bre hold
bur move ruh
con move aeg
den support kie
eng support pic move bre
gal move war
ion move tys
lon move wal
lvn support mos move stp
lvp move iri
mid move por
mos move stp
mun support ber move kie
naf move mid
par support bre
pic move bre
pru move ber
rom move tus
rum move sev
sev move mos
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc support naf move mid
swe move fin
ven move pie
vie move tyr
wal move yor
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
stp/nc move nwy
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move hol
ber move kie
den move hel
eng support iri move mid
fin support nwy move stp
ion move gre
iri move mid
kie support bel move hol
lvn support stp
mid move por
mos support stp
nwy move stp/nc
pic move bel
por support iri move mid
pru move ber
ruh support ber move kie
sev move ukr
spa/sc support mid move por
tyr move pie
tys move wes
ukr move war
wal move iri
war move pru
wes move naf
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
England: army/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
kie move den
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove bel
build Fleet rom
build Fleet tri
build Army ven
remove yor
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support kie
den move kie
eng move iri
hel move nth
hol move bel
ion move tun
iri move nat
kie support ruh move hol
mid move gas
mos support stp
mun support kie
naf move mid
par support bre
pie move mar
por support naf move mid
rom move tys
ruh move bel
tri move adr
tus move gol
ukr move gal
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
ber support kie
bre move gas
fin hold
gal move rum
gas move bre
hol move bel
iri support nth move eng
gol move wes
mid move bre
mar support bre move gas
mos support stp
nat move mid
nth move eng
par support mid move bre
por support wes move mid
ruh move bel
tun move naf
tyr move tri
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move kie
bre support mid move eng
den move kie
eng move pic
gas move bur
hol move bel
ion move tun
iri support lon move eng
kie move hol
lon move eng
mid move eng
mos support stp
mun support ber move kie
naf support wes move mid
nat support iri
par move pic
por move spa/nc
pru move ber
ruh support kie move hol
rum move bul
spa/sc move por
war move pru
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
ber support kie
bre move eng
bur hold
eng hold
fin hold
hol support bur move bel
iri support nat move mid
lon support eng
mid move eng
mos support stp
naf support wes move mid
nat move mid
par move pic
ruh support bur move bel
tun move ion
tys move tun
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move gas
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove lon
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
ber support kie
bre support naf move mid
bur support ruh move bel
eng support mid
fin hold
gas support naf move mid
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tys
iri support mid
mos support stp
naf move mid
par move pic
por support naf move mid
ruh move bel
spa/sc support naf move mid
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
England: fleet/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move nth
mid move nat
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support kie
bre support mid
bur support bel
eng support nth move bel
fin hold
gas support mid
hol support bel
iri support nat move mid
kie support hol
mos support stp
nat move mid
nth move bel
por support mid
spa/sc support mid
tri move tyr
tun move naf
wes support mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove nth
build Army rom
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move pic
eng move bre
fin hold
gas support mid move bre
iri move mid
mid move bre
mos support stp
nat support iri move mid
par support bre move pic
tys move wes
wes move mid
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Austria: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
