PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun hold
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move tus
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
ank move bla
bot move swe
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul move gre
bur support pic move bel
con move bul
hol hold
kie move den
lon move eng
nth convoy yor move nwy
pic move bel
ser support bud move rum
sev move arm
stp move nwy
ukr move rum
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
build Fleet sev
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm move bla
bel hold
ber move kie
bla support ank move arm
bre move eng
bud support rum
bul support gre move ser
bur move mar
gre move ser
hol move nth
kie move hel
lon move wal
mar move spa/sc
nwy hold
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev support arm move bla
smy move aeg
stp/nc move bar
swe move ska
tri move adr
ukr support sev
vie move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bla move ank
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
arm move smy
bar move nrg
bel hold
bla move rum
bud move rum
bul support gre move ser
eng support bel
gal move war
gre move ser
hel move nth
hol support hel move nth
kie hold
mar move spa
nwy hold
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev support bla move rum
ska support hel move nth
spa/sc move por
ukr support bla move rum
wal move lon
yor support wal move lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
nth move edi
rum move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army par
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel hold
bre move eng
bud support ser
bul move ser
den hold
edi move nth
eng move iri
gal move ukr
gre support bul move ser
hol move hel
kie move hol
lon support edi move nth
mun move ruh
nth move yor
nrg move cly
nwy move stp
par move bre
por move mid
rum move bla
ser hold
sev move arm
ska move nwy
spa move mar
tri move adr
ukr move mos
war support gal move ukr
yor support lon
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
nth move nrg
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move ion
ank hold
arm move sev
bel hold
bla move rum
bre move lvp
bud support ser
bul move gre
cly move lvp
eng convoy bre move lvp
gre move alb
hel move nth
iri convoy bre move lvp
mid move nat
mar move pie
mos hold
nth support lon
nrg move edi
nwy move nrg
ser hold
smy move con
stp move nwy
ukr move rum
war move mos
yor support lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
remove lon
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
alb support gre move ser
bel hold
ber move kie
bla move rum
bre move pic
bud support ser
cly support nrg move nat
con move bul
edi support hel move nth
eng support bel
gre move ser
hel move nth
iri support nat move lvp
mos hold
nat move lvp
nth support yor move edi
nrg move nat
nwy move stp
pie move tyr
ruh move mun
ser hold
sev support bla move rum
ukr support war move mos
war move mos
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
mos move lvn
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb support gre move ser
bel hold
bud support ser
bul support gre move ser
cly move lvp
den hold
edi support hel move nth
eng convoy pic move lon
gre move ser
hel move nth
hol hold
iri support lvp
kie move bal
lvn move war
lvp hold
mos hold
mun hold
nat support cly move lvp
nth move edi
pic move lon
rum support sev
ser hold
sev support rum
stp move nwy
tri move alb
tyr move pie
ukr support mos
yor support nth move edi
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
Germany: fleet/dislodged edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
edi move nrg
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet mar
remove mun
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support gre move ser
bal move den
bre move mid
bud support bul move rum
bul support gre move ser
cly move nat
den move kie
eng support bre move mid
gre move ser
hol hold
iri support lvp
lon move yor
lvp hold
mar move gol
mos hold
nat move mid
nth move edi
nrg support nth move edi
nwy move stp
rum move bla
ser move tri
sev support rum move bla
tri move adr
ukr move gal
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move ion
alb move tri
bel hold
bla support sev move arm
bud move ser
bul move rum
cly support nat move nrg
den move swe
edi hold
gal move war
hol hold
iri support mid move nat
kie move ruh
lvp hold
gol support pie move tus
mid move nat
mos support gal move war
nat move nrg
nrg move nwy
pie move tus
ser support alb move tri
sev move arm
sil move mun
stp move nwy
tri move ven
yor support lvp
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet/dislodged nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tus
Italy: army/dislodged tus
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
nrg move nth
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
remove mun
build Army smy
remove stp
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg convoy smy move gre
arm move ank
ber move mun
bla support arm move ank
bud move ser
cly support nrg move edi
con move bul
edi hold
eng move lon
hol move nwy
iri support yor move lvp
lvp move cly
gol move tys
mos move stp
nat support lvp move cly
nth convoy hol move nwy
nrg move edi
ruh move hol
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
swe support hol move nwy
tri move vie
tus move rom
ven move tri
war move gal
yor move lvp
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move ion
ank hold
bla support ank
bud move gal
bul move ser
cly move nat
con move ank
edi support nth move nrg
gal move bud
hol hold
iri move eng
mun hold
nat move mid
nth move nrg
nrg move nth
nwy hold
rom move ven
ser move tri
smy support con move ank
stp hold
swe support nwy
tri hold
tys move nap
vie support ser move tri
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet/dislodged nrg
Germany: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
nrg move cly
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bla
build Army kie
build Army mar
build Army par
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
ank move bla
bel move wal
ber move pru
bud move gal
bul move rum
cly move nat
con support smy move ank
edi hold
eng convoy bel move wal
gal support tri move vie
hol hold
kie move mun
lvp hold
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun move boh
nap move rom
nrg move bar
nwy move fin
par move pic
ser support vie move tri
smy move ank
stp hold
swe move nwy
tri move vie
vie move tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
France: army wal
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri move alb
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
France: army wal
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
alb move gre
bar support fin move stp
bla move bul/ec
boh move gal
bud move gal
cly move nat
con move bla
edi hold
eng move mid
fin move stp
gal move ukr
hol hold
lon move eng
lvp hold
mun hold
nat support lvp
nwy move nrg
pic move bel
pie move tyr
pru move war
rum support bud move gal
ser support tri move alb
stp move mos
tri move alb
wal move lon
wes move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Army mar
remove mos
build Army par
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move gre
alb support aeg move gre
ank move con
bar move nrg
bel hold
ber move sil
bla move sev
boh move vie
bul/ec move con
cly move lvp
edi support nrg move cly
eng support bel
gal hold
gre move ser
kie move ber
lvp hold
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun hold
nat support lvp
nrg move cly
par move bur
rom move nap
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
stp move mos
tun move ion
tyr move tri
ukr move sev
ven support tyr move tri
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
alb move ser
bel hold
ber move sil
bla move sev
bul/ec move con
bur move mar
cly move nrg
gal move vie
ion move eas
lon hold
lvp hold
mos support war
mun move tyr
nat support lvp
nap move ion
nrg move nth
pie move ven
rum move bul
ser move bud
sil move boh
tri hold
ukr move sev
ven move apu
vie support sil move boh
war support mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army par
build Fleet sev
remove ukr
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
apu move syr
bel hold
boh move gal
bud move vie
bul move rum
con move smy
eas convoy apu move syr
eng support bel
gal move war
gre move bul/sc
hol hold
ion convoy apu move syr
mar move pie
mos support war move ukr
nth hold
par move bur
ser move bud
sev move rum
sil support boh move gal
tri support ven
tyr support vie
ven support tri
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel hold
bla move con
bud move gal
bul support bla move con
bur move mar
eas support ion move aeg
eng support bel
gal move bud
gre move aeg
ion move aeg
lvp hold
mos support sil move war
nat support lvp
pie move tus
ser move bud
sev move rum
sil move war
smy hold
syr move arm
tri hold
tyr support vie
tys move ion
ukr move rum
ven support tri
vie support gal move bud
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Turkey: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
war move gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Army mun
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion move gre
ank move smy
bel hold
ber move sil
bud move rum
con support ank move smy
eas move smy
edi hold
eng support bel
gal support ser move bud
hol hold
ion move gre
kie move mun
mar move pie
mos support ukr move sev
mun move tyr
nth hold
nrg hold
ser move bud
sev move rum
smy move con
syr support eas move smy
tri move alb
tus move ven
tyr move vie
ukr move sev
ven move tri
vie move gal
war support vie move gal
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army/dislodged gal
France: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: fleet/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
gal move ukr
sev move bla
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support syr move smy
alb support gre
bel hold
bla support smy move con
bud support gal move rum
eas support syr move smy
eng support bel
gal move rum
gre hold
mos move ukr
mun support tyr
sev hold
sil move boh
smy move con
syr move smy
tri hold
tyr support vie
ven support tri
vie support bud
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Turkey: army/dislodged ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
France: army smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
remove con
build Fleet kie
build Army mar
build Army par
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
France: army smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul/sc
alb move ser
ber move kie
bla move arm
boh support tyr
bud support rum move ser
eas move aeg
edi move cly
eng support bel
gre move bul/sc
hol move ruh
kie move hol
mun support tyr
nth support kie move hol
nrg hold
par move bur
rum move ser
sev support ukr move rum
smy move con
tri support alb move ser
tyr hold
ukr move rum
ven support tri
vie support bud
war move gal
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
France: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move gre
arm move sev
bel support bur
boh support mun
bul/sc support aeg move con
bud move tri
bur support bel
cly support nrg move nat
con move smy
eas move aeg
eng move lon
gal move bud
hol support ruh move bel
kie move hel
lon move yor
lvp support lon move yor
mun move bur
nth support ruh move bel
nrg move nat
ruh move bel
tri hold
tyr hold
ven support tri
vie support bud move tri
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
France: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
France: fleet/dislodged nat
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
France: army smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
bel move pic
nat move mid
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
France: fleet con
France: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
France: army smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
remove arm
build Fleet bre
build Army kie
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
France: fleet con
France: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
France: army smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
bel move bur
boh support tyr
bre move eng
bud move tri
bur move bel
cly move lvp
con move bla
gal move bud
gre move ser
hel move hol
hol move bel
kie move ruh
lon move nth
lvp hold
mid move iri
mar move bur
mun support bel move bur
nat move iri
nth move edi
pic support bur move bel
pie move tyr
rum move ser
sev hold
tri support gre move ser
tyr move ven
ukr move rum
ven support tri
vie support bud move tri
yor support lvp
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
France: fleet con
France: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gre
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
France: army smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
France: army/dislodged tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
tri move alb
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
France: fleet con
France: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gre
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
France: army smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
alb support gre move ser
bel hold
bla support con move ank
boh move gal
bud support rum move ser
bur move bel
cly move lvp
con move ank
edi move yor
eng support bur move bel
gre move ser
hel move nth
hol support hel move nth
lvp support yor move edi
mid move nat
mar move bur
mun move bur
nat move nrg
nth support yor move edi
pic support bur move bel
pie move tyr
ruh support bel
rum move ser
sev support ukr move rum
smy move con
tri hold
tyr move ven
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie support tri
yor move edi
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: army alb
Turkey: army/dislodged ank
France: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
Germany: fleet cly
France: army con
France: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet/dislodged nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
ank disband
nth move lon
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: army alb
France: fleet ank
France: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
Germany: fleet cly
France: army con
France: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet kie
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: army alb
France: fleet ank
France: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
Germany: fleet cly
France: army con
France: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gre
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
alb move ser
ank move arm
bla support con move bul
bre move mid
bul/sc move con
bud support tri move ser
cly move nat
con move bul
edi move yor
eng support bel
gal move boh
gre support alb move ser
hol support nth
kie move hel
mar move bur
mun move bur
nat support lvp
nth support edi move yor
nrg support cly move nat
pic support bel
pie move tyr
ruh support mun move bur
rum support tri move ser
sev support rum
tri move ser
tyr move ven
ukr support rum
ven move tri
vie support tri
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: army alb
France: supply ank
France: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
France: army con
France: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gre
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
France: fleet/dislodged nat
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: army/dislodged yor
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
nat move iri
yor move wal
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: army alb
France: supply ank
France: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
France: army con
France: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gre
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
alb move ser
arm move sev
bel move ruh
boh move tyr
bud move tri
bur move pic
con move rum
eng support wal move lon
gre support alb move ser
hel move nth
hol support ruh move bel
iri support lvp
lon move yor
lvp support lon move yor
mid support iri
mar hold
nat move iri
nth move lon
nrg move edi
pic move par
ruh move bel
rum support ser
ser hold
sev move arm
tri support alb move ser
tyr support tri
ukr move sev
ven support bud move tri
vie support bud move tri
wal move lon
yor support nth move lon
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: army alb
France: supply ank
France: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army con
France: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gre
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
bel move bur
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: army alb
France: supply ank
France: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: army con
France: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gre
France: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
