PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move bre
rom hold
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bot move swe
bre move par
bud hold
bul move rum
bur support hol move bel
con move bul
edi move bel via convoy
gal move rum
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move spa/sc
nth convoy edi move bel
nrg move nwy
pie move mar
rom move tus
ser move bul
sev move arm
ukr support gal move rum
ven move pie
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
build Fleet rom
build Fleet sev
build Army stp
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support bla move arm
arm support sev move bla
bel hold
bla move arm
bre move mid
bud move ser
bul move rum
bur move gas
con move bul
edi move yor
gre support ser move bul
hol hold
kie hold
lon move eng
mar support par move bur
mun move bur
nth move den
nwy move nth
par move bur
pie support tus move ven
rom move tys
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move bla
spa/sc move wes
stp hold
swe support edi move den
tri move alb
tun move wes
tus move ven
ukr support rum
vie move bud
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet/dislodged arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
arm move ank
bel support hol
bla hold
bud move tri
bul hold
bur move bel
con move smy
den move kie
eng support bur move bel
gas support pie move mar
gre move aeg
hol support bel
kie support hol
mid move bre
mar move pie
mun move bur
nth convoy yor move hol
pie move mar
rum hold
ser support bul
sev support rum
spa/sc move por
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tun move wes
tys move gol
ukr support rum
ven move tus
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: fleet/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move pic
mar move spa
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army par
remove pic
build Fleet stp/nc
build Fleet ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move eas
ank support con
bel support nth move hol
bla support sev move arm
bre support spa move gas
bul hold
bur move par
con support smy
den move kie
eng move nth
gas support bur move par
gre move aeg
hol move bel
kie support hol
gol move spa/sc
mar support gol move spa
nth move hol
nwy move swe
par support spa move gas
por move mid
rum hold
ser move bud
sev move arm
smy support con
spa move gas
stp/nc move nwy
swe move bal
tri move tyr
tus support ven
ukr support rum
vie move boh
wes support gol move spa
yor move edi
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army/dislodged hol
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
hol move ruh
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
arm move ank
bal move den
bel support hol
bla support arm move ank
boh support tyr move mun
bre move mid
bud move tri
bur move mun
den hold
eas move smy
gas support par move bur
hol support bel
mid move por
mar support wes move spa
nth support den
nwy move nth
par move bur
ruh support bur move mun
rum support ukr move gal
spa/sc move por
swe support bal move den
tus move ven
tyr move mun
ukr move gal
ven move tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur disband
den move hel
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bel
build Army mun
build Army sev
build Army tri
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move con
bla support ank move con
boh move tyr
bre move gas
bud hold
bul hold
bur support gas move mar
den move nth
edi move bel via convoy
gal support rum
gas move mar
hel support nth
hol support edi move bel
mid move spa/nc
nth convoy edi move bel
nwy support den move nth
rum support gal
sev support rum
smy hold
swe move den
tri hold
tyr move pie
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move ruh
bla convoy sev move bul
bud move vie
bul hold
bur support bel move ruh
con support sev move bul
den support kie
gal move bud
gas support mid move spa
hel move kie
hol support hel move kie
ion move nap
mid move spa/sc
mar support mid move spa
nth move den
nwy move nth
pie support tri move ven
rum support gal move bud
sev move bul via convoy
sil move boh
smy move aeg
swe support den
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Italy: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: fleet/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul move ser
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
build Army par
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bla move con
boh move vie
bre move mid
bud move tri
bul support rum move ser
bur move ruh
con move aeg
den move nth
edi move nth
gas move spa/nc
hol move hel
kie move ber
nap move rom
nth move ska
nwy move nrg
par move bur
pie move tyr
ruh move kie
rum move ser
sev move arm
spa/sc move gol
stp/nc move bar
swe move nwy
tyr move vie
ven move tri
vie move gal
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move alb
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move tri
arm move smy
bar move nrg
ber support kie
boh move vie
bud support boh move vie
bul support aeg move gre
bur move mun
con move aeg
den move nth
edi hold
gal move rum
gre move bul/sc
hel move den
kie support bur move mun
gol move tys
mid move naf
nrg move nat
nwy hold
pie move mar
rom support ven move tus
ruh support bur move mun
ser move alb
sil move war
ska support hel move den
spa/nc move mid
tyr move vie
ven move tus
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre move ion
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
remove pie
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre move ion
alb support bud move tri
ber move bal
bre move eng
bud move tri
bul move ser
den support ska move swe
edi support lon move nth
gre move ion
ion hold
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp support edi
mid support bre move eng
mar move pie
mun move sil
naf move tun
nat move cly
nth move den
nrg support nat move cly
nwy move swe
rom move nap
ruh move bel
rum move sev
ska move swe
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri support tyr move vie
tus move rom
tyr move vie
tys support ion
vie move tyr
war move mos
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nth move hel
tri move ven
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre move ion
alb move ser
arm move sev
bal support den move swe
bel move ruh
bot move swe
cly move edi
den move swe
edi support eng move nth
eng move nth
gre move ion
hel move nth
hol move kie
ion hold
lvp support edi
mid move spa/nc
mos support arm move sev
nap move apu
nth move nwy
nrg support cly move edi
nwy support bot move swe
pie support tyr
rom move ven
ser move rum
sev move rum
sil move war
ska support nth move nwy
tri support vie
tun support tys move ion
tyr move mun
tys move ion
ven move tyr
vie support tri
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Austria: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move stp
sev move ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove apu
remove cly
build Fleet lon
build Army par
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ser
bal move kie
bot move swe
edi move nth
eng support lon move nth
hel move kie
ion hold
kie move hol
lon support edi move nth
lvp move edi
mos move ukr
mun move boh
nrg move bar
nwy support edi move nth
par move bur
pie support tyr
ruh support par move bur
ser move rum
sev support mos move ukr
ska move den
spa/nc move mid
stp move mos
swe support nwy
tri support vie
tun support ion
tyr move tri
tys move nap
ukr move gal
ven move tri
vie support tri
war hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move ion
bal move kie
bar move stp/nc
boh move vie
bot move bal
bur move mun
den support nth move hel
edi hold
eng move mid
gal support boh move vie
gre move ion
hel support den move kie
hol move kie
lon move nth
mid move wes
mos move war
nap support tun move ion
nth move hel
nwy move bar
pie move tus
ruh support bur move mun
rum move gal
ser support tri
sev move rum
swe hold
tri support vie move bud
tun move ion
tyr support ven move tri
ukr support mos move war
ven support tyr move tri
vie move bud
war move mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
France: army/dislodged war
France: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
war move lvn
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove ion
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
remove tyr
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre move ion
bal move bot
bar support edi move nwy
bot hold
bud move tri
den move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move bud
gre move ion
hel move den
hol move kie
lon move yor
lvn move mos
mid move naf
mar move gol
mos move lvn
mun move boh
nap support tun move ion
nth convoy edi move nwy
ruh move mun
rum support ukr move gal
ser support bud move tri
sev move arm
stp/nc hold
swe move fin
tri move vie
tun move ion
tus move rom
ukr move gal
ven support vie move tri
vie move tri
war support mos move lvn
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army/dislodged lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
gal move sil
lvn move pru
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move syr
bal move lvn
bar support nwy move stp
boh move gal
bot hold
bud support tri move vie
den move bal
fin support nwy move stp
gal move boh
gre move alb
kie move ber
lvn support war
gol move pie
mun support kie move ber
naf move tun
nap support tun move ion
nth convoy yor move hol
nwy move stp
pru move lvn
rum move bul
ser move tri
sil move ber
stp/nc hold
swe move bot
tri move vie
tun move ion
tys support tun move ion
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
war support lvn
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
vie move tyr
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Fleet sev
remove sil
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move adr
bal support swe move bot
bar support stp
ber move sil
boh support mun move tyr
bot move lvn
bud move tri
bul move gre
fin support stp
gal move boh
hol move kie
lon move nwy via convoy
lvn move pru
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun move tyr
nap support tun move ion
nth convoy lon move nwy
pie move gol
pru support ber move sil
ser support bud move tri
sev move bla
stp hold
swe move bot
syr hold
tun move ion
tys support tun move ion
ven hold
vie move tyr
war support lvn move pru
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army/dislodged pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
pru disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal support stp move lvn
bar support nwy move stp
bla move con
boh support mun move tyr
bot support stp move lvn
bul move gre
den move kie
fin support nwy move stp
gal support pru move sil
ion move eas
kie move ber
lvn hold
mos support lvn
mun move tyr
nap move apu
nwy move stp
pie move ven
pru move sil
rom support pie move ven
ser move tri
sil move pru
stp move lvn
syr move arm
tri move tyr
tun move ion
tys support tun move ion
ven hold
vie support tri move tyr
war support lvn
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Army mar
build Army par
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move ion
apu support tys move ion
arm move sev
bal support ber move pru
bar support nwy move stp
ber move pru
boh support mun move sil
bot support stp move lvn
bul move gre
con move smy
eas support ion move aeg
fin support nwy move stp
gal support sil move boh
ion move aeg
kie move ber
lon move den via convoy
lvn hold
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos support lvn
mun move sil
nth convoy lon move den
nwy move stp
par move bur
rom support ven
ser move tri
sil move boh
stp move lvn
tri move tyr
tys move ion
ven hold
vie support tri move tyr
war support lvn
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet/dislodged aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army/dislodged boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
boh move mun
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move gre
apu move adr
bal support stp move lvn
bar support nwy move stp
ber support pru
boh move sil
bot support stp move lvn
bur support mun
con move aeg
den move kie
fin support nwy move stp
gal support war
gre hold
ion support aeg move gre
lvn move stp/sc
mos support lvn move stp
mun support pie move tyr
nwy move stp
pie move tyr
pru support stp move lvn
rom support ven
sev move ukr
sil move war
smy support con move aeg
stp move lvn
tri support vie
tyr support tri
tys move nap
ven support pie move tyr
vie support tyr
war support boh move sil
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
France: fleet/dislodged aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army/dislodged tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
tyr move boh
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move ion
apu move ion
bal move den
bar move nrg
ber move bal
boh support sil
bot support lvn
bul/sc support ion move aeg
bur support mun
eas support ion move aeg
fin hold
gal support war
gre move bul
ion move aeg
kie support mun
lvn support pru
mar move gol
mos support war
nap support apu move ion
nth hold
pru hold
rom support ven
sil support boh
smy move eas
stp move mos
tri move ser
tyr move tri
ukr support mos
ven support tyr move tri
vie support adr move tri
war support sil
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg support gre move bul
apu support nap move ion
bal support pru
boh move sil
bot support lvn
bul/sc move con
bur support mun
den move kie
eas move syr
gal support war
ion move eas
kie move ber
lvn support stp move mos
gol move tys
mun support kie move ber
nap move ion
par move pic
pru support kie move ber
ser support gre move bul
sil move pru
smy support aeg
stp move mos
tyr move tri
ukr support mos
ven support tyr move tri
vie support adr move tri
war support sil move pru
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet syr
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army mar
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet syr
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy move eas
bal support pru
ber move sil
boh support sil
bot support lvn
bur support mun
con support rom move smy
eas convoy rom move smy
gal support war
gre move bul
ion convoy rom move smy
kie hold
lvn support stp move mos
mar move pie
mos support war
mun support ber move sil
nth move hol
nrg move nth
pic move bel
pru support ber move sil
rom move smy
ser move rum
sil support boh
smy move eas
stp move mos
syr support rom move smy
tyr move tri
tys convoy rom move smy
ukr support mos
ven support tyr move tri
vie move bud
war support sil
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet syr
France: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bal support pru
bel move ruh
ber move sil
boh support sil
bot support lvn
bud move tri
bul move gre
bur support mun
con support syr move smy
eas support aeg move smy
gal support war
ion convoy rom move alb
lvn support stp move mos
mos support war
mun support pie move tyr
pie move tyr
pru support ber move sil
rom move alb via convoy
rum move sev
sil support ber move mun
stp move mos
syr move smy
tri move ser
tys convoy rom move alb
ukr support mos
ven move tri
war support sil
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet syr
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove gre
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet syr
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
alb support ven move tri
apu support tys move ion
bal support pru
ber support mun move sil
boh support sil
bot support stp move lvn
bud move rum
bur support ruh move mun
con move bul/sc
eas move aeg
fin move stp/sc
gal support war
ion move gre
lvn move war
mar move gol
mos support war
mun move sil
pru support mun move sil
ruh move mun
ser move bul
sev move arm
sil support boh
stp move lvn
syr move smy
tyr move boh
tys move ion
ukr support mos
ven move tri
war support sil
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
France: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb move ser
apu move ion
arm support aeg move smy
ber move pru
boh move sil
bot support lvn
bur move mar
con support smy
eas support aeg move smy
gal support war
gre support ser move bul
ion move aeg
lvn support pru move war
gol move tys
mos support war
mun support sil
par move bur
pru move war
rum move ser
ser move bul
sil support pru move war
smy support ion move aeg
stp move mos
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
ukr support mos
war support boh move sil
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
France: fleet/dislodged smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
smy move syr
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
build Army par
remove rum
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
France: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support syr move smy
alb move ser
arm support smy move syr
bal move den
ber move pru
bot support lvn
bul hold
bur move mun
con support syr move smy
eas support smy move syr
fin move swe
gal support war move sil
gre support aeg
hol move bel
ion move eas
kie hold
lvn support stp move mos
mar move pie
mun move boh
nth move eng
par move bur
pru move war
sil support pru move war
smy move syr
stp move mos
syr move smy
tri hold
tys move ion
ukr support mos
vie move gal
war move sil
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
France: army bul
France: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
France: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy
boh move gal
bot move bal
bul move rum
con move ank
den move nth
eng move mid
gre support aeg
lvn support war move mos
pie move tyr
pru move war
ser support bul move rum
sil support pru move war
smy hold
stp support war move mos
swe move nwy
tri move bud
vie support tri move bud
war move mos
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Russia: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: army bur
France: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
France: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mos disband
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
France: fleet ank
France: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: army bur
France: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army rum
France: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
