PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla support bul move rum
bot move swe
bul move rum
con move bul
gal move vie
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move por
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg move bar
pic move bel
pie move mar
ruh move bel
ser support alb move gre
ukr support rum
ven move pie
yor move nwy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Fleet sev
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bar support nwy move stp
bel support mun move bur
ber move kie
bla move con
bul move gre
con move ank
gal move ukr
gre move bul/sc
hol support bel
kie move hel
lon move nth
mar move gas
mun move bur
nap move ion
nth move hel
nwy move stp
par support pic
pic support par
pie move mar
por move mid
rom move tys
rum support gre move bul
ser support gre move bul
sev move arm
smy move aeg
tri move alb
tun move wes
ukr move sev
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp move fin
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
alb move gre
arm move bla
bar support nth move nwy
bel move pic
ber move kie
bur support bel move pic
con move bul/sc
den support ber move kie
fin support swe move nwy
gas move spa
hol support kie move hel
ion support alb move gre
kie move hel
lon move eng
mid support spa
mar support gas move spa
nth move nwy
par support pic
pic support par
rum support arm move bla
ser support bul/sc
sev move arm
stp move mos
swe move nwy
tys move tun
ukr move sev
wes support gas move spa
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
spa move por
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
remove mid
build Fleet nap
remove swe
build Army tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
arm move ank
bar move stp/nc
bel move pic
bla support arm move ank
bul/sc move con
bur support bel move pic
con move bul/sc
den move swe
edi move nwy
eng move bre
fin move nwy
gre move aeg
hel move nth
hol support hel move nth
ion support gre move aeg
kie move den
mos move war
nap move tys
nth convoy edi move nwy
par move bre
pic move par
ser move bul
sev move arm
tri move alb
tun move wes
vie move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Turkey: army/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move eas
ank move smy
nth move nrg
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move gre
ank support bla move con
arm move smy
bla move con
bud move vie
bul/sc support aeg move con
bur support pic move par
con move ank
den move swe
eas move aeg
edi move nwy
eng move bre
gal move war
hol move bel
ion support alb move gre
mid support spa move por
nth support swe move nwy
nrg convoy edi move nwy
nwy move stp
par hold
pic move par
por hold
ser move bud
smy support con move ank
spa move por
stp/nc support edi move nwy
swe move nwy
tys move wes
wes move naf
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
par move gas
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove eas
remove gas
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
remove nwy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support arm move smy
arm move smy
bel support mid move eng
ber support mun move sil
bla move con
bur move pic
con support smy move ank
den move swe
edi move nwy
ion move tun
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mid move eng
mar move gas
mun move sil
naf move mid
nap move tys
nth support mid move eng
nrg convoy edi move nwy
par support bur move pic
por move spa
rum move bla
smy move ank
stp/nc support edi move nwy
swe move fin
war move ukr
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
England: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
smy move syr
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
England: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank support smy
bel support eng
ber move pru
bla move sev
bre support lon move eng
bud move gal
bul/sc move con
con support aeg move smy
eng move pic
fin support swe move nwy
gal move war
gas support par move bre
gre hold
lon move eng
mid move eng
nth support swe move nwy
nrg move nth
nwy hold
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
sil support gal move war
stp/nc support nwy
swe move nwy
syr support aeg move smy
tun move ion
tys move wes
ukr move sev
vie move bud
wes move mid
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove con
build Fleet kie
build Army tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy gre move con
ank move arm
bel move nth
bud move gal
bul/sc support gre move con
fin support swe move nwy
gal move ukr
gre move con via convoy
ion move eas
kie move hel
lon move nth
mid move iri
nth move ska
nrg support lon move nth
nwy hold
par support bre
pic move eng
pru move lvn
sil move pru
smy move con
stp/nc support nwy
swe move nwy
syr move arm
tri move ser
tys move wes
ukr move sev
war support gal move ukr
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
ank move arm
bel support hel move nth
bla support rum move sev
bul/sc support con
eas support aeg move smy
eng move lon
fin support lvn move stp
gal move rum
hel move nth
iri move lvp
lvn move stp
mid move eng
nth move den
nrg support nwy
pru move lvn
rum move sev
ser support gal move rum
ska support swe move nwy
stp/nc support nwy
swe move nwy
syr support aeg move smy
ukr support gal move rum
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army/dislodged sev
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
sev move mos
stp/nc move bar
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove bar
remove bla
remove mos
remove syr
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
arm move sev
bul/sc move con
con move ank
den support nwy move swe
eas support aeg move smy
eng move mid
fin support stp move nwy
lvn move mos
mid move nat
nth move den
nrg move nat
nwy move swe
rum support ukr move sev
ser move bul
sev move bla
ska support nth move den
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
ukr move sev
war support lvn move mos
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
den move kie
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
bul support con
con support ank
den move bal
eas move smy
eng move nth
fin support nwy
lon support eng move nth
lvp support mid move nat
mid move nat
mos hold
nrg move cly
nwy hold
par support bre
rum support sev
ska support swe move den
swe move den
tri move ser
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army/dislodged smy
Italy: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
smy move syr
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army ber
remove bla
build Army bud
remove kie
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
remove syr
build Fleet tri
build Fleet ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bal move den
ber move pru
cly support wal move lvp
den move kie
fin move stp
gas move spa
lon move wal
lvp support lon move wal
nat move nrg
nap move ion
nth move edi
nwy move fin
rom move tys
ska move nwy
spa move por
ven move adr
wal move lvp
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
England: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
England: army lvp
Italy: fleet/dislodged lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
lvp move iri
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
England: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
England: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move gre
bel move eng
bre move gas
cly move edi
den move nth
ion move tun
iri move lvp
lvp support cly move edi
mun move tyr
nrg move nat
nwy support den move nth
par move bur
stp support mos
tys move wes
wal support iri move lvp
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
England: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
England: army/dislodged lvp
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
lvp move yor
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove cly
build Army mun
build Army ven
remove yor
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
