PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move edi
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move gas
rom move tus
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move sev
bot move swe
bul support bla move rum
edi move bel
eng support edi move bel
gal move vie
gas move spa
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move bre
nth convoy edi move bel
pie move tyr
ruh move bel
rum move sev
ser support alb move gre
stp move fin
tri move vie
tus move pie
ven support tus move pie
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet rom
build Fleet sev
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support bul
bud support ser move rum
bul move rum
edi move nwy
eng move bel
fin move nwy
gre hold
hol support ruh move bel
kie move hel
mos move sev
nth convoy edi move nwy
pie move mar
rom move tys
ruh move bel
rum support sev move bla
ser move rum
sev move bla
spa move por
swe support fin move nwy
tri move tyr
tun move wes
tyr move boh
ven hold
vie move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
boh move sil
bud support rum
eng move lon
gal move ukr
hel move nth
hol support hel move nth
mar support wes move spa/sc
mos support sev
nth move hel
rum support arm move sev
sev hold
tyr move vie
tys move gol
ven hold
vie move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet ber
build Fleet con
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel move pic
bla support sev
bre move mid
bud move rum
con support bul
gal support rum move ukr
gre hold
hol move bel
lvp move cly
gol support mar move spa
mar move spa
mos support ukr move war
nap move ion
nwy move swe
rom move ven
rum move ukr
sev hold
sil move war
spa/sc move mid
stp/nc move bar
swe move ska
ukr move war
ven move pie
vie move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bar move nrg
bel move eng
bla support arm move sev
bre move mid
cly move nrg
con move aeg
gal move war
gre hold
ion hold
gol move spa/sc
mar move bur
mos hold
mun move tyr
nth support bel move eng
pic move par
pie move tyr
rum move ser
sev move mos
sil move boh
ska move nwy
spa/sc move mid
swe support ska move nwy
tri move ser
ukr support sev move mos
ven support pie move tyr
war support mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army kie
remove por
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bar move stp/nc
ber move kie
boh move sil
bre move mid
bur move mar
cly move edi
edi move yor
eng support nth move lon
gal support ukr move war
gre hold
ion hold
kie move ruh
gol move tys
mun hold
nth move lon
nwy support bar move stp/nc
par move bur
rum hold
spa/sc move por
tri support vie
tyr move pie
ukr move war
ven hold
vie support tri
war hold
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
lon move wal
war move lvn
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul
bla support sev
bul hold
bur move par
edi move nth
eng support lon
gal support war
gre hold
ion hold
kie move hel
lon hold
lvn move pru
mid move spa/nc
mar move gas
mun move ber
nwy move ska
pie move mar
por hold
ruh move mun
rum hold
sev support mos
tri hold
tys support ion
ven hold
vie move boh
wal support yor move lon
war hold
yor move lon
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army kie
remove pru
remove wal
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move eas
ank move arm
ber support mun
bla support bul
boh move mun
den hold
eng move wal
gal move war
gas move spa
gre hold
hel move nth
ion hold
kie support den
lon support hel move nth
mar move pie
mos move lvn
mun hold
nth move bel
par move bre
por support gas move spa
rum move gal
sev move mos
ska support swe move den
spa/nc move por
swe move den
tri move bud
tys support ion
ven hold
war move pru
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
France: fleet/dislodged spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
spa/nc disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
ber hold
boh move mun
bud hold
eas move aeg
gal move boh
gre hold
ion hold
kie move hol
lvn support mos move stp
mos move stp
mun support ber
nth move edi
pie hold
por move mid
pru support war move sil
ska support swe move den
spa hold
swe move den
tys support ion
ven move tri
wal move lvp
war move sil
yor move lvp
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: army/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
den move kie
stp/nc move bar
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bar move nwy
bel move hol
ber hold
bla move sev
boh move vie
bre move pic
bud move ser
bul hold
den move swe
edi move nth
gal move bud
gre support aeg move ion
ion hold
kie support ber
lon move wal
lvn move stp
mid hold
mun support ber
pie move ven
pru move war
sev hold
sil move boh
ska move den
smy move eas
spa move mar
stp hold
tri hold
tys support ion
wal move lvp
yor move lvp
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul
bel move hol
ber move sil
bla support sev move rum
boh move tyr
bud move tri
bul support aeg move gre
den hold
eas move ion
gre support aeg move ion
hol support pic move bel
ion move adr
kie move den
lon move wal
lvn move mos
mid move bre
mar hold
nth support kie move den
nwy hold
pic move bel
ser support bud move tri
sev move rum
stp hold
swe move fin
tri move tyr
tys move ion
ven support tri move tyr
vie support bud move tri
wal move lvp
war move sil
yor move lvp
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
England: fleet/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move eng
den move swe
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove eng
build Fleet kie
build Fleet nap
remove swe
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support nap move ion
aeg move gre
bel move pic
ber move sil
bla support bul
boh move gal
bre hold
bul support aeg move gre
den move swe
eas move ion
fin move stp
gre support ser move bul
hol move kie
kie move hel
lon move eng
mar move gas
mos support stp
nap move ion
nth move nwy
nwy support fin move stp
rum move ser
ser move bul
stp support mos
tri move ser
tyr move pie
tys support nap move ion
ven hold
vie move bud
wal move lvp
war move ukr
yor move lvp
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr hold
aeg support eas move ion
bla support rum
bre hold
bud support ukr move rum
bul support rum
eas move ion
eng move bre
fin move stp
gal support ukr move rum
gas support bre
gre move bul/sc
hel move nth
ion hold
kie move ruh
mos move sev
mun move bur
nth move nwy
nwy support fin move stp
pic support eng move bre
pie move mar
rum support bul
ser support gre move bul/sc
sil move war
stp move fin
swe support nth move nwy
tri hold
tys support ion
ukr move rum
ven hold
wal move lvp
yor move lvp
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bul move con
nwy move bar
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
build Army rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support rom move ven
ber move sil
bre hold
bud support rum
bul/sc move gre
bur move par
eng move mid
gal move ukr
gas support bre
ion hold
kie move hel
mar hold
mun move tyr
nth move edi
pic support bur move par
rom move ven
ruh move bur
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
swe move fin
tri hold
tys support ion
ven move pie
vie move gal
wal move lvp
yor move lvp
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
bre move eng
bud support rum
bul support rum
bur move gas
edi move cly
fin support nwy move stp
gal move vie
gas move spa
gre support bul
hel move nth
ion move tys
mid move por
mar support gas move spa
nwy move stp/nc
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
pie support mar
rum support ukr move sev
sil support war
tri move vie
tyr move boh
tys move wes
ukr move sev
ven hold
wal move lvp
war hold
yor move lvp
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army/dislodged stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Army mun
remove tys
remove ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move syr
ber move sil
bla hold
boh support mun move tyr
bud support gal
bul move con
cly move lvp
con move syr
eas convoy con move syr
eng move mid
fin move stp
gal support rum move ukr
gre hold
ion move adr
kie move ber
mar move bur
mun move tyr
nth move edi
pie move tyr
por move spa/sc
rum move ukr
sev move mos
sil move war
spa move mar
stp/nc move bar
tri move tyr
vie move boh
wal support cly move lvp
war move ukr
wes move tys
yor move edi
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
boh move gal
bud move tri
bur hold
con hold
gal support vie move boh
gas move mar
gre hold
mar move pie
mos support ukr
nth move edi
pie move tus
stp move mos
tri move ven
ukr support mos
vie move boh
wal move lon
war support stp move mos
yor move lon
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army/dislodged boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
boh move tyr
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
