PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar hold
mos move stp
mun hold
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move fin
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bul move rum
con move bul
den move swe
eng move bre
fin move swe
gal hold
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
mar hold
mun hold
nth convoy yor move bel
pic move bre
pie move mar
ser support alb move gre
stp move nwy
ven move pie
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Army lon
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
ber move bal
bla move rum
bre support pic
bud support rum
bul support bla move rum
con support bul
den move swe
eng support bel move pic
fin move swe
gal hold
gre support ser move bul
kie move ber
lon move bel via convoy
mar hold
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move tys
nth convoy lon move bel
nwy support fin move swe
pic hold
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
ser move bul
sev move arm
smy move aeg
tri hold
tun move wes
ven move pie
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
arm move ank
bal move swe
bel move pic
ber move sil
bla move con
bre hold
bud support rum
bul move gre
bur support pie move mar
con move smy
den support bal move swe
eng support bel move pic
gal move sil
gre support ser move bul
mar hold
nth move nwy
nwy support swe
pic move par
pie move mar
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
spa/sc support mar
swe hold
tri move tyr
tys move gol
ukr move sev
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre move ion
mar move gas
swe move fin
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move sil
bre move mid
bud move ser
bul support ank move con
bur support pic move par
con move aeg
den move ska
eng move mid
fin move swe
gal move boh
gas support par
gre move ser
ion move aeg
gol move spa/sc
mar support gol move spa
mun hold
nth move eng
nwy support fin move swe
par hold
pic move par
rum support bul
sev move arm
smy move con
spa/sc hold
stp/sc move bot
swe hold
tyr move tri
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
con move bla
spa/sc move por
swe move den
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move smy
bla support gre move bul
boh move gal
bot move bal
bre hold
bud move ser
bul support ion move gre
bur support hol move bel
con support arm move smy
den move bal
eng convoy lon move bre
gas support par
gre move bul
hol move bel
ion move gre
lon move bre via convoy
mar support spa/sc
mun support sil
nth support eng
nwy support swe
par hold
pic support lon move bre
por hold
rum move bla
sil hold
ska move den
smy move con
spa/sc support mar
swe support nwy
tri hold
war move pru
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army/dislodged gre
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move mid
gre disband
smy move ank
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove ank
remove gas
remove mid
build Fleet rom
build Army sev
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel hold
bla support con move bul
bot move bal
bre support pic move par
bul support ser move rum
bur support bel
con support smy move ank
den support ska move nth
eng hold
gal support sil move war
gre move aeg
mar move spa
mun move ber
nap move ion
nth move hol
nwy support swe
par move gas
pic move par
por hold
pru support gal move sil
rom move tys
ser move rum
sev hold
sil move war
ska move nth
smy move ank
spa/sc move mid
swe support nwy
tri hold
tun move wes
ven move pie
vie move bud
war support gal move sil
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
war move mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank move smy
bal support pru move ber
bel move edi via convoy
ber move kie
bla support rum move sev
bre support par
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur move bel
con move bul
den hold
eng move bel
gal support war
gas move spa
hol support eng move bel
ion move nap
mid support spa move por
mos move ukr
nth convoy bel move edi
par hold
pie move mar
por support gas move spa
pru move ber
rum move sev
sev support mos move ukr
spa move por
swe move den
tri move alb
tys move gol
war hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev move mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army bud
remove bur
remove gas
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb move tri
ank support con
bal move den
bel move nth
ber move mun
bre hold
bud move gal
bul move con
con hold
den hold
edi move yor
gal move ukr
hol support bel move nth
kie support den
lon support bel move nth
lvp hold
mid move iri
mar move bur
mos support ukr move war
nth support edi move yor
par move gas
por move spa
rum support sev
sev support war move mos
swe support bal move den
ukr move war
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
mos move stp
nth move edi
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move smy
bal move ber
bul support smy move con
bur move par
con support ank move smy
den hold
edi hold
gal support ukr move war
gas move par
iri support yor move lvp
kie move mun
lvp support nth move edi
gol move mar
mid support spa move gas
mos hold
nth move edi
nwy support swe
sev support mos
smy move con
spa move gas
stp support war move mos
tyr support kie move mun
ukr move war
vie move tri
war move mos
yor move lvp
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: army/dislodged con
Austria: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
England: army/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
con move ank
lvp move cly
mun move ruh
war move lvn
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
England: army cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove ank
build Army bud
build Army kie
remove smy
build Army tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
England: army cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
ber support ruh move kie
bre move gas
bud move gal
bul move con
bur move par
con move smy
den hold
edi hold
gal move sil
gas support bur move par
hol support ruh move kie
iri support mid move eng
kie support mun move ber
lon move wal
lvn support stp
lvp support edi
mid move eng
mar move gol
mos hold
mun move ber
nap move apu
nth support cly move edi
ruh move kie
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
stp support lvn
swe move den
tri move vie
tyr move ven
vie move boh
war support mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
apu move ion
ber support kie
boh support sil move mun
bre move par
cly move edi
con move ank
den move kie
edi hold
eng support iri move wal
gas move bre
hol move bel
iri move wal
kie support swe move den
lvn move stp
lvp support edi
gol move tys
mos hold
mun move ber
nth support cly move edi
nwy support lvn move stp
par support gas move bre
sev support ukr move mos
sil move mun
smy hold
stp move fin
swe move den
tri support vie move tyr
ukr move mos
ven move tyr
vie move tyr
wal move lvp
war support ukr move mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
England: army/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
Germany: fleet/dislodged edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Germany: army/dislodged mos
Germany: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
England: fleet/dislodged wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
den disband
edi disband
mos disband
mun disband
wal move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ank move smy
bel support nth move eng
ber move pru
boh move sil
bre move pic
bud move ser
den move kie
edi move lvp
eng support wal move lon
fin support nwy move stp
gal move war
ion move gre
kie move ber
lon move wal
lvp move edi
mos support war move lvn
mun move bur
nap move apu
nth move eng
nwy move stp
par move bur
rom support ven
smy move aeg
stp move lvn
tri support vie move tyr
tyr move pie
tys move ion
vie move tyr
wal move lon
war move lvn
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet/dislodged eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
eng move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ser move gre
apu support ven
edi move lvp
eng move wal
fin support stp
ion support gre
kie support ber
lon support eng move wal
lvn support mos
lvp hold
mid move bre
mos support lvn
mun move ruh
nwy move swe
par support pic move bur
pic move bur
pie move mar
pru move bal
rom support ven
ser move gre
sil move mun
smy move con
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
wal move iri
war move sil
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
apu move adr
bal convoy swe move lvn
bel move hol
ber move pru
bre support par move gas
bud move gal
bur move mar
con move bul
edi support wal move lvp
fin support stp
gre support ion move aeg
ion move aeg
iri move mid
kie move ber
lon move nth
lvn hold
lvp hold
mar move spa
mos support lvn
mun support ruh move bur
par move gas
rom move ven
ruh move bur
ser support aeg move gre
sev move arm
sil move ber
stp support swe move lvn
swe move lvn via convoy
tri support vie move tyr
tyr move pie
ven move pie
vie move tyr
wal move lvp
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Italy: fleet/dislodged gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Germany: army/dislodged lvp
England: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
gre move ion
lvp move yor
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
adr support rom move ven
aeg move bul/sc
arm move smy
bal convoy swe move lvn
bul support gre
bur support spa move mar
fin support stp
gal move war
gas move spa
hol move bel
lvn move stp
lvp hold
mid move por
mar support gas move spa
mos support lvn move stp
mun support sil move ber
nth move lon
pru support swe move lvn
rom move ven
ser support tri
sil move ber
spa move mar
stp support swe move lvn
swe move lvn via convoy
tri support vie move tyr
tyr move pie
ven move pie
vie move tyr
yor move lon
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Italy: army/dislodged mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
mar move gas
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove fin
build Fleet lon
remove por
remove yor
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move con
bal move ber
bel move pic
ber move pru
bud move gal
bul move con
bur support mar
edi move nwy via convoy
gas support spa move mar
gre move ion
ion move eas
kie support bal move ber
lon move eng
lvn move mos
lvp move nat
mar support tyr move pie
mos support war
mun move ruh
nth convoy edi move nwy
pru move war
rom support ven
ser support tri
smy move con
spa move mar
stp support lvn move mos
tri support vie move tyr
tyr move pie
vie move tyr
war support ber move pru
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Austria: army/dislodged mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Russia: army/dislodged pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
mos move sev
pru move lvn
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move smy
ber support lvn move pru
bul move con
bur support mar
eas support aeg move smy
eng move bre
gal move ukr
gas move par
gre move ion
lvn move pru
mos hold
nat move mid
nth convoy nwy move hol
nwy move hol via convoy
pic support eng move bre
pie support tri move ven
pru move lvn
rom move ven
ruh move hol
ser move tri
sev move mos
smy move con
spa move mar
stp support mos
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ven move tri
war support pru move lvn
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bre
Italy: fleet/dislodged bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army/dislodged smy
Italy: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bre move gas
smy move ank
ven move tus
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
remove gas
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move con
ber move pru
bre move mid
bul move con
bur hold
eas move aeg
edi move bel via convoy
ion move adr
lon move eng
lvn support mos
mid move spa/sc
mar move spa
mos hold
nth convoy edi move bel
nwy move swe
par move gas
pic move bre
pie support ven move tus
pru move lvn
rom move nap
ruh move hol
sev support ukr move mos
smy support eas move aeg
spa move por
stp support mos
tri support tyr move ven
tus move rom
tyr move ven
ukr move mos
ven move tus
war support pru move lvn
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move con
ank move con
bel move hol
bul move gre
bur support hol move bel
eng move mid
gas move par
ion move tun
kie move den
lvn move mos
mid move wes
mar move gas
mos move stp
nap support rom
nth support bel move hol
pic move bel
pie move ven
por move spa
pru move lvn
sev support war move mos
smy support aeg move con
stp move nwy
swe move den
tri support pie move ven
tus support ven move rom
ukr support lvn move mos
ven move rom
war support lvn move mos
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Austria: army/dislodged hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
hol move ruh
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move con
bre move mid
bud move tri
bur support gas move par
con move bla
gas move par
gre move bul
hol move kie
lvn move bot
mid move por
mos move stp
nap support rom
nth move bel
par move gas
pie move mar
ruh move kie
sev move arm
smy move con
spa support par move gas
stp support nwy
swe move den
tri move ven
tun move ion
tus support tri move ven
ukr move rum
ven move apu
war move pru
wes move gol
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank support bul move con
apu move rom
arm move smy
bel hold
bla move rum
bot move swe
bul move con
bur support gas move par
den support hol move kie
gas move par
hol move kie
kie move ber
gol move spa/sc
mid move bre
mar hold
mos move sev
nap support rom
nth move hol
nwy support bot move swe
par support spa move gas
por support gol move spa
pru move ber
ruh move hol
rum move sev
smy move con
spa move gas
stp move mos
tri support ven
tus support apu move rom
ven support apu move rom
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: army con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
Russia: fleet/dislodged kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Italy: army/dislodged par
Italy: supply par
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
kie move bal
par move pic
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Italy: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
