PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move tus
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bot move swe
bul move rum
den move swe
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
nth support ruh move bel
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
pie move mar
ruh move bel
rum support sev
ser move bul
sev support rum
spa move mar
tus move pie
vie move bud
war move gal
yor move edi
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sev move mos
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel hold
ber move pru
bla support bul move rum
bot move swe
bud move gal
bul move rum
con hold
den support nwy move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move rum
gre hold
hol move ruh
kie move mun
lon move eng
mar move gol
mos support rum move sev
mun move sil
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move swe
par move bur
pic support par move bur
pie support tus move ven
por move mid
rom move tys
rum move sev
ser support bul move rum
sev move mos
smy move aeg
spa move mar
tri move tyr
tun move ion
tus move ven
vie support bud move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Russia: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move ukr
sev move arm
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move pic
bla support arm move sev
bot move stp/sc
bur support pic
con move bul
eng move mid
gal move war
gre hold
ion move tun
mid move bre
mos support sev
mun move tyr
nth hold
nwy move stp
pic support bur
pie hold
pru move war
ruh move bur
rum move ukr
ser support gre
sil support pru move war
swe hold
tyr support vie move boh
tys move gol
ukr move war
ven support pie
vie move boh
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bot
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move pic
ber support mun
bla support arm move sev
boh move sil
bur support pic
gal support boh move sil
gre hold
lon move eng
gol move mar
mid move por
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun support pie move tyr
nth support lon move eng
nwy move stp
pic support bur
pie move tyr
ruh move bur
rum move ukr
ser support gre
sil move gal
swe move bot
tun move wes
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ukr move mos
ven support pie move tyr
war support sil move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move bud
tyr move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move pic
ber move sil
bla move sev
bot support nwy move stp
bre support pic
bud move gal
bur support pic
eng move mid
gal move vie
gre hold
gol move mar
mar support spa
mos move sev
mun support ruh move bur
nwy move stp
pic support bur
por support eng move mid
ruh move bur
rum move ukr
ser support tri
sev support rum move ukr
sil move boh
spa support mar
tri hold
tyr support gal move vie
ukr support mos move sev
ven move tri
war hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move par
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove gre
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
build Fleet smy
remove spa
remove ukr
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support mun move bur
ber move mun
boh move vie
bot move swe
bul move ser
bur move mar
gal support boh move vie
lon move eng
lvp move wal
gol support bur move mar
mid move wes
mun move bur
nth support lon move eng
por support wes move spa
rum support bul move ser
ser move bud
sev move mos
sil move boh
smy move aeg
stp support sev move mos
tri support boh move vie
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tyr move tri
war move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
France: fleet/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move ukr
tri move alb
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move gre
bel support wal move pic
bla move sev
boh move gal
bud support gal move rum
bur move par
eng convoy wal move pic
gal move rum
ion support aeg move gre
gol support spa/sc
mar support bur
mos support bla move sev
mun support sil move boh
por move spa/sc
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sil move boh
spa/sc hold
tri hold
ukr move sev
ven support tri
vie move bud
wal move pic via convoy
war move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Austria: army/dislodged boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ank
build Army con
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army rom
remove rum
build Army smy
remove ukr
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
boh move gal
bre move mid
bud support sev move rum
bur support bel
con move bul
eng move mid
gre move alb
kie move hol
lon move eng
gol move spa/sc
mar support gol move spa
mun move boh
par move gas
pic move bre
por support eng move mid
rom move nap
rum move bul
sev move rum
spa/sc move mid
tri support ven
tun move wes
ven support tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move ukr
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support ser move tri
arm move sev
boh move vie
bur move par
con move bul
eng support pic move bre
gal support vie move bud
hol support bel
ion move adr
gol support spa/sc move wes
mid move spa/sc
mos move ukr
pic move bre
por support mid move spa
ser move tri
spa/sc move wes
tri move ser
ukr move sev
ven support tri
vie move bud
war move mos
wes support mid move spa
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Turkey: army/dislodged bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
England: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
tri move tyr
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army con
build Fleet edi
remove gas
build Army lon
build Army mun
remove nap
remove ukr
remove wes
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
alb move ion
arm move sev
bel support hol
ber move sil
bre support lon move pic
bud support vie move tri
bul move ser
den hold
edi move nth
eng convoy lon move pic
gal hold
hol support bel
lon move pic via convoy
gol hold
mar move pie
mun move bur
nth move den
par hold
por move spa/sc
spa/sc move gol
stp move lvn
swe support nth move den
tri support adr move ven
tyr support vie move tri
tys support spa/sc move gol
ven support vie move tri
vie move tri
war hold
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Italy: fleet/dislodged gol
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Turkey: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
den move kie
gol move tus
tri move alb
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support alb move tri
alb move tri
ank move arm
bel move pic
bre move par
bud support tri
bur support pie move mar
con move bul
den support swe move bal
eng support pic move bel
gal support war
hol support bel
ion move nap
kie move den
lvn move war
gol support spa/sc move mar
mos support lvn move war
nth support pic move bel
par move bre
pic move bel
pie move mar
ser move bud
sev move ukr
sil move pru
spa/sc move mar
swe move bal
tri hold
tus move gol
tyr support tri
tys move rom
ven move apu
war support sil move pru
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army edi
remove gal
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
remove tus
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
alb move tri
arm move sev
bal move ber
bel hold
bre move par
bud support tri
bul move rum
bur support mar
den support nth move hel
edi move yor
eng support bel
kie support hol
lon move nth
lvn move war
lvp move wal
gol support spa/sc move mar
mos support lvn move war
nth move hel
pru move ber
rom move tus
ruh support kie
rum move bla
ser support alb move tri
smy move con
spa/sc move mar
tri support bud
tyr support tri
ukr move gal
war hold
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
England: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
war move sil
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
England: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move tri
bal move ber
bel support yor move hol
bre support wal move pic
bud support tri
bur support mar
con move bul
den move kie
eng convoy wal move pic
gal support rum move bud
hel support yor move hol
hol support kie
kie support hol
gol support spa/sc move mar
mar hold
nap hold
nth support yor move hol
par hold
pru move war
ruh support hol
rum move bud
ser support alb move tri
sil support pru move war
spa/sc move mar
tri support bud
tus move pie
tyr move mun
ven support alb move tri
wal move pic via convoy
war hold
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Germany: army/dislodged bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Germany: army/dislodged tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Turkey: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
England: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bud disband
tri disband
war move lvn
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: supply tun
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bur
build Army con
build Army lon
build Fleet smy
remove war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: supply tun
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel support yor move hol
ber support den move kie
bla hold
bre support pic move par
bud move vie
bul move rum
con move bul
den move kie
eng convoy lon move pic
gal move boh
hel support yor move hol
lon move pic via convoy
lvn move war
gol support spa/sc move mar
mos support lvn move war
mun move kie
nap move tys
nth convoy yor move hol
pic move par
pie move tus
ruh move mun
ser move tri
sev move ukr
sil support ruh move mun
smy move aeg
spa/sc move mar
tri move tyr
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: army/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: army/dislodged mar
England: fleet mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
Germany: army/dislodged par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bel move ruh
ber hold
bla move con
boh support tyr move mun
bul move ser
eng move mid
hel move nth
kie support ber
gol move tys
nth move eng
pic move bur
rum move gal
tus move rom
tyr move mun
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
