PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move pru
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move apu
par move bur
rom move tus
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven hold
vie move tyr
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr hold
apu hold
bla support sev move rum
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul
den hold
eng convoy wal move bel
mid move por
nth support wal move bel
pru hold
ruh move hol
sev move rum
spa support mid move por
stp move nwy
tus hold
tyr move mun
ven hold
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army bre
build Army con
build Army kie
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army par
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
apu move adr
bel support par move bur
bla support con move bul
bre move pic
bul move ser
con move bul
eng support nth
gre support bul move ser
kie move mun
mar move gol
mos move ukr
mun move ber
nth support eng
nwy hold
par move bur
por move spa/sc
pru move sil
rum move sev
ser move bul
sev move rum
spa move mar
stp/sc move bot
swe support nwy
tri move bud
tus move pie
ven move tri
vie move gal
wal move yor
war hold
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
ank move con
apu move adr
bel move ruh
bot move bal
bud move ser
bur support bel move ruh
eng move nth
gal move vie
gre move ser
gol move tys
mar move pie
mun move ber
nth move hel
nwy move swe via convoy
pic move bel
pie hold
rum hold
ser move bud
sev support rum
sil move ber
spa/sc move wes
tri hold
ukr support gal
war support ukr move gal
yor hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move apu
ank move con
bal move den
bel support ruh
ber move kie
bud move ser
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move aeg
den move hel
gre move alb
hel support nth move hol
hol hold
mar move pie
mun support sil move ber
nth move hol
nwy hold
pie move mar
ruh support bur move mun
rum move sev
ser hold
sev move rum
sil move ber
swe support bal move den
tri move tyr via convoy
tys move nap
ukr move gal
vie move tyr
war support ukr move gal
wes move tys
yor move lon
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move ska
mun move sil
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move nap
bel support lon move hol
ber support sil move mun
bud move ser
bul move ser
con move bul
den hold
gal move bud
hel support lon move hol
hol move kie
kie move ber
lon move hol
mar move pie
mun support ruh
nap support tys move rom
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy hold
pie move mar
ruh support mun
rum hold
ser support gal move bud
sev move ukr
sil move mun
ska move nth
tri move tyr
tys move rom
vie move boh
war hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Fleet lon
build Army par
remove pie
build Army sev
remove sil
remove ska
build Fleet stp/sc
remove tyr
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move tri
apu move nap
bel move ruh
bre move pic
bud move vie
bul hold
con hold
den support ruh move kie
hel support lon move nth
hol support ruh move kie
kie move ber
lon move nth
mar move pie
mun support ruh move kie
nap support rom move tys
nth move nrg
nwy hold
par move bur
rom move tys
ruh move kie
rum hold
ser hold
sev hold
stp/sc move bot
swe move bal
ukr move gal
war move pru
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move nap
bal move ber
ber hold
bla hold
boh move vie
bot move bal
bul hold
bur support mun
con hold
den support kie
gal support vie
hel convoy hol move den
hol move den via convoy
kie support hol move den
mun support ber
nap support tys move ion
nth support hol move den
nrg move bar
nwy hold
pic move bel
pie move ven
pru support bal move ber
ruh support kie
rum hold
ser support tri move gre
sev hold
tri support pie move ven
tys move ion
vie hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: army ven
Austria: fleet/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
remove boh
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
build Army mar
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal hold
bar move nrg
bel support ruh move hol
ber hold
bla support bul move rum
bot move stp/sc
bre move mid
bul move rum
bur move ruh
den move kie
edi move nth
gal move boh
hel support den move kie
ion move adr
kie support ber
mar move pie
mun support ven move tyr
nap move ion
nth move hol
nwy hold
par move pic
pru support war move sil
ruh move hol
rum move sev
ser move bud
sev move ukr
tri move vie
ven move tyr
vie move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
bal move ber
bel support hol
ber move kie
bla hold
boh support vie
bud hold
con move bul
hel move hol
hol support ber move kie
ion move tun
kie support hel move hol
mid move iri
mun support ber move kie
nth support hel move hol
nrg move nat
nwy hold
pic support bel
pie support tyr
pru support bal move ber
ruh support hol
rum hold
sev support ukr move rum
sil support bal move ber
smy move aeg
tri hold
tyr support mun
ukr move rum
vie move bud
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
England: army/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move den
rum move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Army con
remove edi
build Fleet mar
build Army smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move con
ank move arm
bel support hol
ber support den move kie
bla support bul move rum
boh move vie
bre support iri move eng
bud hold
bul move rum
den move kie
gal move ukr
hel support den move kie
hol support kie
iri move eng
kie hold
mar move spa/sc
mun support tyr
nat move mid
nth move lon
nwy hold
pic support bel
pie move mar
pru move war
ruh support kie
rum support vie move bud
sev support rum
sil support pru move war
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
tun move wes
tyr support mun
vie move bud
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move nap
bel support hol
ber support den move kie
bla support bul move rum
boh move gal
bot move bal
bre move eng
bud hold
bul move rum
con move ank
eng move iri
hel move nth
hol support kie
kie move ruh
mid move spa/nc
mar move spa
mun support tyr
nwy hold
pic move bre
ruh support kie
rum hold
sev support rum
sil move war
spa/sc move por
tri hold
tyr support mun
ukr move mos
vie support boh move gal
war move mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal support ber move kie
bel move pic
ber move kie
bla support arm move sev
bre move wal via convoy
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
den move kie
eng convoy bre move wal
gal move bud
hol support ruh move kie
iri support eng
kie hold
lon support nth move eng
mid move por
mar move gas
mun support ruh move kie
nap move ion
nth move eng
nwy move stp
por support wes move mid
ruh move kie
rum support sev
sev support rum
sil move war
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
ukr move mos
vie support gal move bud
war move mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mid move nat
rum move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bal move kie
ber support bal move kie
bla move sev
bud support gal move vie
bul move ser
den support bal move kie
eng support wal
gal move vie
gas move par
gre move aeg
hol support kie
iri move lvp
lon move eng
mid move iri
mun support tyr move boh
nth move bel
pic move bel
por move mid
rum hold
sev move mos
sil move gal
stp move mos
tyr move boh
ukr move mos
vie hold
wal support iri move lvp
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army/dislodged kie
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Turkey: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move ruh
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
remove den
build Army smy
build Army stp
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
boh move tyr
bre support eng
bud support gal move rum
con move bul
eng convoy pic move wal
gal move rum
hol support ruh move bel
ion move adr
iri support mid move nat
kie move den
lon support nth move eng
lvp move cly
mid move nat
mos move ukr
mun support boh move tyr
nat move lvp
nth move eng
par move pic
pic move wal
ruh move bel
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev support ukr move mos
smy move con
stp move mos
ukr move mos
vie hold
wal move yor
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
bel support hol
bre support eng
bud move rum
bul move gre
cly move edi
con move bul
den hold
eng support yor move lon
gal support bud move rum
hol support bel
iri move lvp
kie move hol
mos support war
mun move ber
nat support iri move lvp
nth support kie move hol
pic support bel
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev move mos
stp move lvn
tyr move mun
ukr support sev move mos
vie move tri
wal support yor move lon
war support mos
yor move lon
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: fleet/dislodged lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lvp move cly
rum move ser
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
remove ank
remove cly
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Army stp
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
bel move ruh
ber support hol move kie
bla support bul move rum
bre move eng
bud move tri
bul move rum
den support kie
edi support eng move nth
eng move nth
gal move bud
gre move alb
hol move kie
kie hold
lon support wal move yor
lvn move war
lvp move nat
mar move gol
mos support rum move sev
mun support hol move kie
nat move nrg
par move bur
pic move bel
rum move sev
ser support bud move tri
sev support ukr move mos
stp move lvn
tri support gal move bud
ukr move mos
wal move yor
war move ukr
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Russia: fleet/dislodged kie
Russia: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Russia: army/dislodged tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
rum move gal
tri move vie
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
alb move tri
bel move hol
ber support ruh move kie
bud support gal move rum
bur move ruh
edi support eng move nth
eng support nth
gal move rum
kie move den
lvn move mos
gol move tys
mos move ukr
mun support ruh move kie
nat move nrg
nth support kie move den
nrg move bar
ruh move kie
rum support ukr move gal
ser support tri move bud
sev hold
stp move nwy
tri move bud
ukr move gal
ven support tri
vie support bud
war move gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
