PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move pru
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move boh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support vie move tri
ank move arm
bot move swe
bul move gre
bur move mun
con move bul
eng convoy wal move bel
ion move tun
mid move wes
ser hold
sev move bla
spa move por
stp move nwy
tyr move tri
ukr move rum
ven support tyr move tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Army rom
build Fleet sev
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move arm
arm move bla
bla move arm
bud support ser move rum
bul support ser move rum
con support arm move bla
eng convoy wal move bel
gre support bul
hol move hel
nth support eng
nwy move swe
rom move ven
rum hold
ser move rum
sev support bla move arm
stp/nc move nwy
swe move ska
tun hold
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie support alb move tri
war move sil
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank support arm
arm support con move bla
bla move rum
bud support rum move vie
bul support rum
con move bla
eng convoy wal move bre
gre support bul
mun move kie
nth move hel
nwy support ska move nth
por move spa
rum support arm move sev
sev support bla move rum
sil move ber
ska move nth
spa/sc move wes
swe move den
tyr support ven move tri
ukr support bla move rum
ven move tri
vie support alb move tri
wal move bre
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nth move lon
rum move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lvp
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army par
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support vie move tri
ank move sev
arm support ank move sev
ber move sil
bla convoy ank move sev
bre move par
bud support gal move rum
bul support gal move rum
eng support lon move nth
gal move rum
gre support bul
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move pie
mos move ukr
nth convoy den move yor
nwy move nrg
rum move bla
sev support rum move bla
spa move gas
tyr support ven move tri
ukr move gal
ven move tri
vie move tri
war support ukr move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bla move con
nth move edi
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb support vie move tri
ank support arm
arm support con move bla
bla move arm
bre move bel
bud support rum
bul support rum
con move bla
den hold
edi hold
eng convoy bre move bel
gal support ukr move rum
gas support par move bre
gre support bul
nth support yor move edi
nrg support edi
par move bre
pie move tus
rum hold
sev support bla move arm
sil move boh
tys support pie move tus
ukr move rum
vie move tri
war move ukr
yor move edi
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove eng
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army par
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb support tri
ank move sev
arm support ank move sev
bel move hol
bla convoy ank move sev
boh support gal move vie
bre move pic
bud support rum
bul support rum
den hold
edi support nrg move nth
gal move vie
gas move mar
gre support bul
mar move gol
mos move sev
nth move edi
nrg move nth
par move bur
rum support arm move sev
sev move rum
tri support vie
tus move rom
tys support tus move rom
ukr support sev move rum
vie support bud
war move gal
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move adr
arm support sev
bel move lon
bla move con
boh move vie
bud move gal
bul support rum
bur support pic move bel
den hold
edi move cly
gal support boh move vie
gre support bul
hol move kie
gol move wes
mar move pie
mos support ukr move sev
nth convoy bel move lon
nrg move edi
pic move bel
rum support bud move gal
sev support rum
tri support vie
tys move nap
ukr move sev
vie support tri
war support gal
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove lon
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
arm support sev
bel move ruh
boh support war move gal
bre move eng
bud support vie
bul support rum
bur move mun
cly move lvp
con move aeg
den move kie
gal move rum
gre support bul
kie move ber
mar move gol
mos support ukr
nap move ion
nth move lon
nrg move edi
par move bur
pie move tus
rum support bud
sev support rum
smy move eas
tri support adr move ven
ukr support gal move rum
vie support tri
war move gal
wes move tys
yor move edi
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
arm support sev
boh move vie
bud support vie
bul support rum
bur move bel
eas move ion
eng move nth
gal support boh move vie
gre support bul
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp hold
gol move tys
mos support ukr move sev
mun support ruh move kie
nrg move edi
rom move ven
ruh move kie
rum support bud
sev support rum
tri move tyr
tus support rom move ven
tys move tun
ukr move sev
vie support tri move tyr
war support gal
yor move lvp
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet/dislodged ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
Austria: fleet/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ion move nap
ven move adr
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army mar
build Army par
build Fleet stp/sc
remove yor
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
arm support sev
ber move pru
boh support gal move vie
bud move vie
bul support rum
edi move yor
gal move vie
gre move apu
hol move ruh
ion convoy gre move apu
kie move ber
lvp move wal
mar move pie
mos support ukr move sev
nap support tun move ion
nth move den
par move bur
rum move ser
sev support rum
stp/sc move bot
tun move ion
tus move ven
tys support tun move ion
ukr move sev
ven move tyr
vie move tyr
war support gal
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
ion move eas
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr support eas move ion
aeg support eas move ion
arm support sev
bel move hol
ber move sil
boh support ruh move mun
bot move bal
bre move mid
bud move vie
bul support gre
bur move bel
eas move ion
eng move lon
gre support bul
ion move alb
mos support ukr move war
mun move kie
nap support tys move ion
pru support ber move sil
ruh move mun
ser move rum
sev support ser move rum
tri support bud move vie
tus move ven
tys move ion
ukr move war
ven move tyr
vie move tyr
wal move iri
war move sil
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
vie move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
remove ukr
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg support ion
alb support ven move tri
arm move bla
bal support mos move lvn
bel move hol
boh support gal move sil
bre move eng
bud support tri
bul support rum
eng move lon
gal move sil
gre move alb
hol move kie
ion support gre move alb
iri move wal
kie move ber
mid support bre move eng
mos move lvn
mun move bur
pie move tyr
pru move lvn
rum move ser
sev hold
sil move pru
tri support vie move tyr
tus move ven
tys move tun
ven move tri
vie move tyr
war support gal move sil
yor move lon
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
eng disband
sil disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr convoy tri move apu
aeg support ion
alb move apu
bal move swe
ber support kie move mun
bla move sev
boh support sil move mun
bud move tri
bul hold
bur move par
eng move lon
hol move ruh
ion convoy alb move apu
kie move mun
lvn move pru
mid move eng
pie move tyr
ser support bud move tri
sev move mos
sil move mun
tri move apu
tus support ven
vie support bud move tri
wal support yor move lon
war support lvn move pru
yor move lon
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Fleet con
build Army mar
build Army stp
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy tri move apu
aeg move gre
alb support tri
ber hold
boh move mun
bud support ser move tri
bul support aeg move gre
con move aeg
eng move nth
ion move tys
kie support ber
lon support wal move eng
mid move eng
mar move gas
mos hold
par move gas
pru move ber
ruh support tyr move mun
ser move tri
sev move bla
sil support pru move ber
stp move mos
swe move bal
tri move apu
tus move ven
tyr move mun
ven move tyr
vie hold
wal move eng
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Turkey: army/dislodged mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mos move sev
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support gre move ion
alb support tri
apu support adr move ven
bal support pru move ber
bla convoy bul move sev
boh move mun
bre hold
bud support vie
bul move sev
den move bal
eng move bre
gre move ion
kie support ber
lon move nth
mid support bre
mar move gas
mos hold
mun support tyr move boh
nth move nwy
par support eng move bre
pru move ber
ruh move bel
sev move mos
sil support pru move ber
tri support adr move ven
tyr move boh
tys move nap
ven move rom
vie support tri
war support sil
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
Russia: army/dislodged boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
boh move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove war
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
alb move nap
apu support ion move nap
bal support sil move ber
bla support sev
bre support gas move par
bud move rum
eng move iri
gal move sil
gas move par
ion convoy alb move nap
kie support den
mid move iri
mun support ber
nth move hel
nwy move ska
par move bur
pru support sil move ber
sev hold
sil move ber
tri move ven
ven move adr
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: army par
Russia: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
apu move rom
bal support hel move kie
ber support hel move kie
bla convoy bul move sev
bul move sev
bur move mar
den support ska move swe
eng move nth
hel move kie
ion move nap
kie move ber
mid move nat
mun support kie move ber
pru support ber
rum move bud
sev move ukr
sil move gal
ska move swe
ven support apu move rom
vie hold
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army/dislodged kie
Russia: fleet kie
France: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: army par
Russia: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
France: army/dislodged rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move hol
rom move tus
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army tri
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg support ion
alb move nap
bal move den
bel move ruh
ber support kie
bla support sev
boh move sil
bre move gas
bud support vie
den support mun move kie
gal move ukr
hol support mun move kie
ion convoy alb move nap
kie support bal move den
mar move spa
mos support gal move ukr
mun move kie
nat move lvp
nap move apu
nth support bal move den
par move bur
pru move sil
rom support alb move nap
sev support ukr move mos
stp/nc move nwy
swe move bal
tri move tyr
tus move pie
ukr move mos
ven support rom
vie support tri move tyr
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
France: fleet/dislodged den
France: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move swe
mos move war
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
France: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
alb move adr
apu move adr
bal support swe
ber support kie
bla support sev
boh move sil
bud support vie
bur move bel
den support kie
gas move spa
ion support nap
kie hold
mos hold
mun support boh move sil
nap support rom move apu
nth support den
nwy move swe
pie move mar
pru support ber
rom move apu
ruh support hol
sev support mos
spa hold
tyr support ven move pie
ukr move mos
ven move pie
vie support tyr
war support ukr move mos
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: fleet/dislodged apu
France: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
France: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu disband
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army spa
Russia: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
remove sil
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army spa
Russia: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move ion
apu move rom
bel move bur
ber move sil
bla support sev
bud hold
con move bul
den move nth
gas move spa
hol move ruh
ion move tys
kie move hel
lvp move iri
mos hold
mun move boh
nth move eng
nwy move swe
pru move lvn
ruh move mun
sev support mos
smy move aeg
spa move gas
swe move ska
tri move vie
tyr support vie move boh
ukr move mos
vie move boh
war support ukr move mos
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army spa
Russia: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
bla support sev
boh support tyr move mun
bud support vie move gal
eng move bre
gas move par
gre support bul
hel move nth
ion support tys move tun
lvn support ukr move mos
mos hold
mun hold
nap hold
nth move lon
rom move tus
ruh support mun
sev support mos
sil support mun
spa move gas
swe hold
tyr move mun
tys move tun
ukr move mos
vie move gal
war support ukr move mos
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Turkey: army/dislodged mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: fleet/dislodged tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mos move stp
tun move wes
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army con
remove hol
remove ska
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bla convoy con move arm
boh support tyr move mun
bre move mid
bud support gal move rum
bul support gre
bur move mun
con move arm
gal move rum
gas hold
gre support aeg move ion
ion move eas
lon move wal
lvn support mos move stp
mos move stp
mun move boh
nth move nwy
par move bre
pie support gas move mar
sev support stp move mos
sil support mun move boh
stp move mos
swe move fin
tus move rom
tyr move mun
war support lvn
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
Austria: army/dislodged boh
France: army bre
Russia: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
boh move vie
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: army bre
Russia: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move smy
bla support sev
boh hold
bud move gal
bul hold
bur move mun
eas move ion
fin move stp/sc
gas move par
gre move aeg
ion move tys
lvn support mos
mid move por
mar move bur
mos hold
nwy support fin move stp/sc
pie move ven
rom hold
ruh support bur move mun
sev support stp move mos
sil support tyr move mun
stp move mos
tyr support vie move boh
vie move boh
wal move lvp
war support mos
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bla support sev
boh support gal
bul move gre
bur support mun
ion move tys
iri move eng
lvn move war
lvp hold
mos support war move ukr
nwy move nth
par move gas
por move mid
ruh move kie
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
sil move ber
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tun move wes
tyr support boh
tys move gol
ven move pie
war move ukr
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: supply par
Austria: army pie
Russia: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
ber move kie
bla support arm move sev
boh move mun
bre support bur move par
bur move par
eng move lon
gal support rum move ukr
gas move spa
gre move tun
ion convoy gre move tun
lvn move war
lvp move wal
gol support wes move spa/sc
mid support gas move spa
mos support war move ukr
nth move bel
pie move mar
rom move ven
rum move ukr
sev move ukr
spa/sc move por
tyr support boh move mun
tys move rom
war move ukr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
Russia: supply par
France: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army stp
build Army vie
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm support sev
bel move eng
ber move kie
bla support sev
bot move swe
bre hold
bud move ser
gal support rum move ukr
gas move spa
ion move tys
kie move den
lon move nth
lvn support stp move mos
gol move spa/sc
mid support gas move spa
mar support gol move spa/sc
mos move ukr
mun move bur
par support bre
rom hold
ruh move bel
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
stp move mos
tyr move mun
ven support rom
vie move boh
wal support bel move eng
war support mos move ukr
wes support gol move spa/sc
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move bul
bla convoy arm move bul
boh move sil
den move swe
eng support wal move lon
gal support ukr
gas support mid move spa/sc
kie support swe move den
lvn support war
mid move spa/sc
mar support bur
mos move ukr
mun support boh move sil
nap hold
nth move edi
ser move rum
sev support ukr
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp move mos
swe move den
tun move naf
tys move wes
ukr support gal
ven support rom
wal move lon
war support mos move ukr
wes move mid
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
France: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army naf
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
spa/sc move gol
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army naf
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army naf
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bla support sev
bul hold
bur support sil move mun
den move hel
edi move nrg
gal support ukr
gas support spa/sc move mar
kie hold
lvn move pru
gol support wes
mid support naf move spa
mar support naf move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
naf move spa
nap hold
rum hold
sev support ukr
sil move mun
spa/sc move mar
stp hold
ukr support rum
war support mos move ukr
wes convoy naf move spa
PHASE 1915 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army/dislodged mar
Russia: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Russia: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move pie
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Russia: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Russia: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move hol
bla support sev
bul hold
bur support pie move mar
eng move wal
gal move war
gas support mar
hel support kie move hol
kie move hol
lon move yor
gol support pie move mar
mid move por
mar hold
mos hold
mun move ber
nap hold
nrg move nwy
pie move mar
pru move ber
ruh move bel
sev support ukr
spa support mid move por
stp move nwy
ukr support gal move war
war support mos
wes support spa
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Russia: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
war move sil
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
bla support sev
bur support mar move gas
gas move bre
hel move kie
hol support hel move kie
gol move tys
mar move gas
mos hold
mun move ber
nap hold
nrg move edi
por move mid
rom move tys
ruh move kie
sev support ukr
sil support pru move ber
stp support mos
ukr support sev move mos
ven move tyr
wal move eng
war support sev move mos
yor move edi
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
bla convoy bul move sev
bre support par
bul move sev
bur move bel
eng move iri
gas move bur
hol support kie
kie support sil move ber
gol move tys
mid move bre
mos support pru move war
nrg move nth
par hold
pru move war
rom move tus
ruh support bur move bel
rum move gal
sev move mos
sil move ber
spa hold
stp support mos
tri move adr
tyr move mun
ukr support sev move mos
war support sev move mos
wes move mid
yor move edi
PHASE 1916 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bre
build Army con
remove pic
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
bel support ruh move hol
ber support pru move sil
bla convoy con move sev
bul move gre
bur move pic
con move sev
edi move yor
gal move bud
hol hold
iri move eng
kie support hol
mid convoy spa move bre
mos support ukr move sev
mun move bur
nap move spa
nth move lon
pru move sil
ruh move hol
sev move mos
smy move aeg
spa move bre
stp support mos
tri move ven
tus move rom
tys convoy nap move spa
ukr support sev move mos
vie move boh
war support sev move mos
wes convoy nap move spa
PHASE 1917 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Turkey: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pic
Turkey: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
mos move lvn
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Turkey: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pic
Turkey: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move ion
ber support kie
bla support sev
boh support bur move mun
bre support pic move par
bud move rum
bur move mun
eng move lon
hol hold
kie support hol
lvn move pru
mid move nat
par move gas
pic move par
rom move tus
ruh support bel
sev support mos
sil support boh move mun
spa move gas
stp move fin
tys move wes
ukr support war
ven move rom
wes move mid
yor support eng move lon
PHASE 1917 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Turkey: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
France: fleet/dislodged lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
lon move nth
PHASE 1917 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army con
remove nth
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
PHASE 1918 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
apu move ion
bel move hol
ber hold
bla convoy con move sev
boh move sil
bre hold
bud move tri
con move sev
fin move stp
gre move alb
hol move kie
kie move hel
lon move wal
mid move eng
mos move stp
mun move kie
nat move lvp
par move bur
pru support stp move lvn
rom move ven
ruh support bel move hol
sev move mos
sil move gal
smy move aeg
spa move gas
stp move lvn
tus move rom
ukr support war
war support boh move sil
wes move mid
yor move nth
PHASE 1918 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Turkey: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move ion
alb hold
ber hold
bla support con move bul
bre move wal
bur move par
con move bul
eng convoy bre move wal
fin move stp
gal move war
gas move bre
gre move ion
hel move nth
ion move tun
lvn support fin move stp
lvp support bre move wal
mid support eng
mos support sev
mun move kie
nth move lon
pru support gal move war
rom move nap
ruh move bel
rum hold
sev support mos
sil move boh
tri move ser
ukr support rum
ven move pie
wal move iri
war move sil
PHASE 1918 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1919 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
