PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber hold
bre move mid
con move bul
edi move nth
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
par move pic
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
bot move swe
bul move rum
con move bul
eng move bel
mid move wes
nth convoy yor move nwy
pic move bel
sev move bla
spa move por
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army lon
build Army mos
build Army par
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move bla
bul move gre
con move bul
eng support lon move bel
lon move bel via convoy
mos move ukr
nth support nwy
nwy hold
par move bur
pic move bel
por move spa
rum move ser
sev move bla
smy move aeg
stp hold
swe hold
war move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move bla
bel hold
bur move mun
eng convoy lon move bre
gal support ukr move rum
gre move alb
nth convoy nwy move den
sev move bla
stp hold
swe hold
ukr move rum
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army mar
build Army par
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
bel move hol
bre move pic
bur move ruh
con move aeg
eng move bel
gal support rum
lon move hol via convoy
mar move pie
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy hold
par move bur
rum hold
sev move bla
spa move mar
stp hold
swe move bal
tun move tys
war move pru
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal support pru move ber
bel support ruh move hol
bla hold
bur move mun
eng move mid
gal move bud
lon move den via convoy
mar move pie
nth convoy lon move den
nwy hold
pic move bre
pie move tus
pru move ber
ruh move hol
rum support gal move bud
stp hold
tys move gol
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
France: army hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Army par
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal hold
bel move hol
ber hold
bla move ank
bre move gas
bud move ser
bul move rum
bur move ruh
den move kie
hol move kie
lon move eng
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
mos hold
nth move hol
nwy hold
par move bur
pie move ven
rum support bud move ser
ser support bul move rum
stp hold
tus support pie move ven
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
bal support den move kie
bel move ruh
ber support sil move mun
bud move ser
bul move rum
bur support ruh move mun
con move bla
den move kie
eng move bre
gas move spa
ion move tun
mos move lvn
nth move bel
nwy hold
por hold
ruh move mun
rum support bud move ser
ser support bul move rum
sil move mun
spa/sc move mid
stp move fin
tus move rom
ven support tus move rom
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: army kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
remove rom
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
bal hold
bel hold
ber support sil move mun
bla support con move ank
bre move mid
bud move ser
bul support ser
bur move par
con move ank
edi move yor
fin move swe
gre move alb
hol move kie
kie hold
lon move eng
lvn move mos
lvp move iri
mid move eng
nth convoy nwy move hol
nwy move hol via convoy
por hold
ruh support hol move kie
rum support bud move ser
ser support bul
sil move mun
spa move por
stp/nc hold
tun move wes
vie move gal
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Russia: fleet/dislodged ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
England: army/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank disband
kie move den
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb support ser
ank move con
bal hold
bel move hol
ber support den move kie
bla support bul move rum
bre hold
bud move vie
den move kie
hol hold
iri move mid
lon move eng
mid move eng
mos move war
nth support hol
par move bre
por hold
ruh support bel move hol
rum move sev
ser support bul move rum
spa move por
stp/nc hold
swe move pru via convoy
wes move gol
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet lvp
build Army mos
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move tri
ber move mun
bla support bul move rum
bre hold
bul move rum
con move ank
hol support nth move bel
iri move mid
kie move ruh
lon move eng
lvp move nat
gol move mar
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nth move bel
por hold
ser support alb move tri
sev move arm
vie move bud
war move gal
yor move wal
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army/dislodged bel
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move smy
bal support swe
bel hold
bla move sev
bre hold
bud support gal move rum
eng convoy wal move pic
gal move rum
hol move ruh
iri move mid
kie support hol move ruh
mid move nat
nat support iri move mid
par move bre
por hold
ruh move bel
rum support bla move sev
ser move bud
sev support gal move rum
spa move mar
tri support ser move bud
ven move pie
wal move pic via convoy
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
Turkey: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
France: army/dislodged ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move vie
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Army lon
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bel hold
bla support rum move sev
bre hold
bud support tri
con move aeg
eng hold
gal move rum
kie hold
lon hold
mid move spa/nc
nat move nrg
par hold
pic move par
pie move mar
por support mid move spa
ruh move bur
rum move sev
spa move por
tri support bud
tyr move tri
vie move bud
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sev move mos
spa move gas
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move smy
bel move hol
bla move ank
bre hold
bud move gal
bur move par
con move smy
eng convoy lon move bel
gas move spa
kie hold
mar move gol
nrg move nwy
par hold
pic support bur move par
pie move mar
por hold
sev move ukr
spa/nc hold
tri move ven
tyr move tri
vie move bud
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
smy disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army edi
build Army lvp
build Army sev
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move bla
bud hold
con move ank
eng convoy lon move bel
gal move rum
gas move bre
kie hold
lon move bel via convoy
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nwy hold
par move gas
pic move bur
por support spa/nc
rum hold
sev support mos move ukr
smy move aeg
spa/nc hold
tri hold
ukr support gal move rum
ven move tri
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move bur
bre hold
bud move ser
bur move gas
edi move yor
gas move bre
hol hold
kie hold
lvp move wal
mar move spa
nwy hold
par support bur move gas
por support spa/nc
rum move bul
spa/nc hold
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ukr hold
war hold
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Turkey: army/dislodged ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove gol
build Army mos
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bla move rum
bur support gas move mar
eng convoy wal move bel
gal move vie
gas move mar
hol move kie
ion move adr
kie move den
mar move spa
mos move sev
nwy hold
par move gas
por move spa/sc
ser move gre
sev move arm
spa/nc move por
tri move bud
ukr move rum
wal move bel via convoy
yor move lon
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Russia: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Russia: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
ank move smy
arm move smy
bel move pic
bla move rum
bre hold
bul hold
bur hold
den hold
eng convoy lon move bel
gas move mar
ion move tys
kie hold
lon move bel via convoy
mar move pie
nwy hold
por move mid
sev move arm
spa/nc move por
stp/nc move bar
ukr move rum
ven move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Army stp
build Army war
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
ank move smy
arm move smy
bal move ber
bla move ank
bud hold
bul move con
den hold
gal move vie
gre move ser
kie hold
lon move nth
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos move war
nwy hold
pie move tus
por move spa/sc
stp move lvn
swe hold
tys move rom
ven move tri
vie move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
England: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move ank
bla move rum
con support arm move ank
den hold
eng move mid
kie hold
lvn move stp
nth move eng
nwy hold
pie support tus move ven
sil move mun
spa/sc move wes
tus move ven
tyr move mun
ukr move rum
war move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: army/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
England: army ven
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move smy
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Army mos
remove rom
remove smy
build Army war
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move smy
bla move rum
bur move mar
den hold
edi move nth
eng convoy lon move pic
gal move boh
kie hold
lon move pic via convoy
mos move lvn
nwy hold
pic move bur
pie move ven
sev move arm
sil move mun
tun move ion
tyr move mun
ukr move sev
ven move rom
war move sil
wes move tys
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
England: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move syr
bar support stp move nwy
bel move hol
ber move bal
boh support sil move mun
bre move eng
bud support sev move rum
bur move ruh
den hold
eng move nth
ion support tys move nap
kie hold
lvn move pru
mid move wes
mar move pie
nth move nrg
nwy hold
pic move bel
rom hold
ser move gre
sev move rum
sil move mun
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri hold
tyr move mun
tys move nap
ven hold
vie support tri
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
England: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move ska
rum move bla
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
England: army rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
England: army ven
England: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
