PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre hold
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hel
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move lvn
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move pic
rom move tus via convoy
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven hold
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move bla
bot move bal
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul move gre
con move bul
eng move bel
hel move nth
kie move den
lvn move pru
nth convoy yor move nwy
pic support eng move bre
ruh move hol
ser support bud move rum
sev hold
spa hold
ukr move war
ven move pie
yor move nwy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Army par
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel support lon move eng
ber move pru
bla support bul move rum
bre support eng move pic
bud move gal
bul move rum
con move aeg
den move swe
eng support pic move bel
gre move ser
hel move nth
hol move bel
ion support ser move gre
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mun move sil
nth support lon move eng
nwy move swe
pic move bel
pie hold
pru move ber
rum move bul
ser move gre
spa move por
tus hold
tys hold
war move ukr
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Turkey: army/dislodged gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gre move bul
rum move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
arm move sev
bal hold
bel support lon move eng
ber move pru
bla support rum
bre move mid
bud move ser
bul move ser
den move swe
eng support pic move bel
gal move rum
gre support bud move ser
hel move kie
hol hold
ion move aeg
iri support lon move eng
lon move eng
nth support lon move eng
nwy move stp
pic move bel
pie hold
por hold
pru move war
rum support bul move ser
sev hold
sil support ber move pru
tus move pie
tys hold
ukr move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move bre
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet tri
remove ukr
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bre move eng
bud move ser
bul support rum move ser
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move rum
gre move bul
ion move aeg
iri move nat
kie move den
mid support bre move eng
mar move spa/sc
mun move boh
nth convoy edi move nwy
pic hold
por move gas via convoy
pru move war
rum move ser
sev move bla
sil support pru move war
stp move mos
swe move nwy
tri move adr
tus move ven
tys move tun
war move pru
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move lon
war disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move gre
bal move ber
bel support lon move eng
bla support rum
boh move vie
bud move ser
bul support aeg move gre
den hold
edi move nwy
eng move lon
gal support bud
gre hold
hol hold
ion move eas
lon move eng
mid move iri
mos hold
nat move iri
nth convoy edi move nwy
pic move lon via convoy
pie hold
por move gas via convoy
rum hold
sev hold
sil move boh
spa/sc move mid
swe move nwy
tun hold
ven move tus
war hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gre
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move bre
gre disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
remove gal
build Fleet lvp
build Army mun
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
bla move con
boh move sil
bre move eng
bul move ser
con move smy
den move kie
eas support ion move aeg
edi move nwy via convoy
eng support lvp move iri
gre support smy move aeg
hol hold
ion move aeg
lvp move iri
mid support bre move eng
mun move ruh
nat move nrg
nth convoy edi move nwy
pie move tyr
por move bre via convoy
rum support bul move ser
sev move mos
smy move aeg
spa/sc move mid
swe move nwy
tus move rom
ven move tri
vie move bud
war support sev move mos
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
England: army/dislodged mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
eng move lon
mos move stp
ser disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bel support lon move eng
ber move kie
bla hold
bud support ser move tri
con move bul
den hold
eas move smy
edi move nwy via convoy
eng support mid move iri
gre hold
hol support ruh move bel
ion move nap
iri support lon move eng
lon move eng
mid move iri
mos move stp
nth convoy edi move nwy
nrg support edi move nwy
pic move bel
por move gas via convoy
rom move tus
ruh move bel
rum support ser
ser support rum
smy move eas
spa/sc move mid
stp support edi move nwy
swe move nwy
tri hold
tun move ion
tyr hold
war move pru
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet con
build Army mun
remove nrg
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bul via convoy
bla convoy ank move bul
bud support ser move tri
bul move gre
con move aeg
den move ska
eng support mid move iri
gre move alb
hol support mun move kie
ion move nap
iri move mid
kie move den
lon move eng
mid move iri
mos move stp
mun move kie
nap hold
nth support lon move eng
pic hold
por move gas via convoy
pru move ber
rum support ser
ser support gre move alb
sil support pru move ber
smy move eas
swe move nwy
tri hold
tus hold
tyr move ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
eng move bre
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb support ser move tri
bel hold
bla move con
bud support ser move tri
bul move ser
den move kie
eas move ion
eng move bre
hol support bel
ion move nap
iri move mid
kie hold
mid move nat
mos move stp
nap move rom
nth support nwy
nwy hold
por move spa
rum support bul move ser
ser move tri
sil move pru
ska support swe move nwy
spa/sc move mid
stp move mos
swe move nwy
tri hold
tus move rom
ven hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ion move tun
tri move vie
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move gre
alb move adr
ber move mun
con hold
den move ska
eng move bre
gre move apu via convoy
ion convoy gre move apu
iri move mid
kie move den
mos support pru move lvn
nat move lvp
nap move rom
nth hold
nwy hold
por move spa
pru move lvn
rum move gal
ser support tri
ska support swe move nwy
smy move gre via convoy
spa/sc move mid
stp support nwy
swe move nwy
tri hold
tun hold
tus move rom
ven move tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move ion
apu support ion move nap
bre move eng
con move aeg
eng move bre
gal move vie
gre move alb
ion move nap
iri move mid
lvp hold
mos support lvn move stp
nap hold
nth move ska
nwy support stp
pic hold
por move spa
ser move tri
spa/sc move por
stp hold
tri move ven
tun hold
tus move rom
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Austria: fleet/dislodged nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet mar
build Fleet smy
remove stp
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
alb move ser
apu move rom
bre hold
bud support gal move vie
con move bul
den move ska
eng move bre
gal support tri move vie
ion move tys
kie move den
lvn support mos move stp
lvp move iri
mid support eng move bre
mar move spa/sc
mos move stp
mun move bur
nap support ion move tys
nth support nwy
nwy hold
pic hold
por hold
ska support kie move den
smy move aeg
spa/sc move wes
swe move nwy
tri move vie
ven support apu move rom
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move gas
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move ion
bel move pic
bre move pic
bul move rum
bur move par
gal move war
gas move bre
ion move tun
iri move eng
mid move eng
nap move rom
nth support mid move eng
nwy move stp
pic support gas move bre
rom move tus
ser move bud
ska support swe move nwy
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp hold
swe move nwy
tys support ion move tun
ven move tyr
vie support ser move bud
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Germany: army/dislodged bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
England: army/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bud move gal
nwy move fin
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
