PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move sil
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move wal
mar support par move bur
mun move kie
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ion move gre
apu hold
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur move bel
hol support nth move bel
ion move gre
kie move den
mid move por
mar move spa
mos move sev
nth move bel
nrg move nwy
rum support mos move sev
ser move bul
sil move mun
tri move ser
ven move pie
wal hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb hold
apu move rom
bel support lon move eng
ber move pru
bla support bul move rum
bre move eng
bud support rum
bul move rum
bur support spa move mar
con move bul
den move swe
edi move nth
gre support ser move bul
hol hold
kie move mun
lon move eng
mar move gol
mos move sev
mun move sil
nap move tys
nwy support den move swe
pie hold
por move mid
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support bul move rum
smy move aeg
spa move mar
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move ser
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
alb move ion
bel support wal move pic
bla support con move bul
bre hold
bud support rum
bul support rum
bur hold
con move bul
den move swe
eng convoy wal move pic
gre support bul
hol hold
gol move wes
mid support gol move wes
mar hold
mos support war
mun move bur
nth move ska
nwy support den move swe
pie move tus
pru move war
rom move tun via convoy
ser support bul
sev move rum
sil support pru move war
stp move fin
tys convoy rom move tun
wal move pic via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe move bal
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army kie
build Fleet nap
build Army tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
bel hold
bla support con move bul
bre support mid move eng
bud hold
bul hold
bur move par
con move bul
eng support pic move bre
fin move stp
gre support ion move aeg
hol move nth
ion move aeg
kie move hol
mid move eng
mar move gas
mos support war
mun move boh
nap move tys
nwy move stp/nc
pic move bre
pru move war
rum move bla
ser support bul
sev move arm
sil support pru move war
ska move nwy
swe move den
tri hold
tus move pie
tys move gol
wes move mid
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move eas
bel hold
bla support con move bul
boh move mun
bre support mid move eng
bud move gal
con move bul
den move swe
eng support pic move bre
gas move mar
gre move aeg
hol hold
gol support pie move mar
mid move eng
nth move edi
nwy move bar
par move pic
pic move bre
pie move mar
pru move war
ser support bul
sil support pru move war
ska move nwy
smy hold
tri move vie
tun hold
tys move wes
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove gas
build Fleet kie
remove pic
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
arm support smy
bar move stp/nc
bel hold
ber move mun
bla support con move bul
bre move eng
bul hold
con move bul
eas support aeg move smy
edi move yor
eng move wal
fin move stp
gal move ukr
hol move bel
kie move den
gol move spa/sc
mid move wes
mar support gol move spa
mos support fin move stp
mun move ruh
nwy support bar move stp
par move gas
rom move tys
rum move sev
ser support bul
sil move war
smy hold
spa/sc support mid move wes
swe move nwy
tun hold
vie move bud
war move lvn
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
spa/sc move por
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
bar move nrg
bla move rum
bud move rum
bul move con
con support smy
den move nth
eas move smy
gas support mid move spa
hol move bel
lvn move mos
mid move spa/sc
mar support spa/sc
mun move bur
nwy hold
por support mid move spa
ruh support hol move bel
ser move bul
sev move rum
smy support con
spa/sc hold
stp support mos
swe move nwy
tun move naf
tys move gol
ukr support bud move rum
war support lvn move mos
wes support spa/sc
yor support den move nth
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
England: fleet/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
bel move pic
con move ank
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove ank
remove arm
remove bla
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
remove por
remove smy
build Army ven
build Army vie
remove wal
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bel hold
bla hold
bud support rum
bul move con
bur support mar move gas
con move ank
eas support aeg move smy
eng move iri
gas move por
kie move den
lvn move mos
gol move spa/sc
mid convoy gas move por
mar move gas
naf hold
nth support swe move nwy
nrg move nth
nwy support nrg move nth
ruh move kie
rum hold
smy hold
spa/sc move mid
swe move nwy
ukr support lvn move mos
ven move pie
vie move tri
war support lvn move mos
wes support spa/sc move mid
yor move edi
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: army gas
France: army/dislodged gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gas move par
mid move eng
smy disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank hold
bel hold
bla hold
bud move gal
bur move par
con move bul
den move nth
eas move aeg
edi support den move nth
eng move lon
gas support naf move bre
iri move lvp
kie move ruh
mid convoy naf move bre
mos support war
naf move bre via convoy
nth move lon
nrg move nth
nwy support nrg move nth
par move gas
pic move bel
pie move mar
rum move sev
smy hold
spa/sc move por
swe move nwy
tri hold
ukr support rum move sev
war support mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: fleet/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bla
build Army bud
build Fleet nap
remove par
build Army rom
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank hold
bel hold
ber move sil
bre move par
bud hold
bul move ser
bur move par
den move bal
edi move yor
eng move lon
gal hold
gas support bre move par
lvp move wal
mid move bre
mar move bur
mos support war
nap move tys
nth support swe move nwy
por move spa/nc
rom move tus
ruh move mun
sev support ukr
smy move eas
spa/sc move mid
swe move nwy
tri hold
ukr hold
vie hold
war support mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
ank move con
bal move bot
bel support bur
bre move eng
bud support gal
bur hold
con move bul/sc
eas move ion
gal hold
gas move bre
mid move iri
mos support war
mun support bur
nth support yor move lon
nrg move edi
nwy hold
par support gas move bre
pic move bel
ser hold
sev support ukr
sil support war
spa/nc move mid
stp move mos
tri hold
tus move pie
tys move gol
ukr hold
ven hold
vie hold
war support mos
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army kie
remove pic
build Army rom
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bel support bur
bot support nwy move stp
bud support gal
bul/sc hold
bur support bel
con hold
eng move wal
gal hold
iri move lvp
kie move ruh
lon hold
mid move nat
mos support war
mun support bur
nth move edi
nwy move stp
ser hold
sev support ukr
sil support war
stp move mos
tri hold
ukr hold
vie hold
wal move lvp
war support mos
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
bot move swe
bre move lvp via convoy
bud support gal
bul/sc hold
bur move gas
con hold
edi hold
eng convoy bre move lvp
gal hold
ion move gre
iri convoy bre move lvp
lon support nth
gol move spa/sc
mar support pie
mos support war
mun move bur
nat move cly
nth support lon
par hold
rom hold
ruh move bel
ser hold
sev support ukr
sil support war
stp support mos
tri hold
ukr hold
ven hold
vie hold
wal move lvp
war support mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mun
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bel hold
bre move gas
bud move gal
bul/sc move aeg
bur support pic move par
cly support iri move lvp
con move bul
eng move pic
gal move boh
gas support pic move par
iri move lvp
lon support nth
mar support par move bur
mos support war
mun support bur
nth support lon
par move bur
pic move par
pie support mar
ser move tri
sev support ukr
sil support war
stp move lvn
swe move nwy
tri move tyr
ukr support bud move gal
ven support tri move tyr
vie support gal move boh
wal move lvp
war support mos
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
bel support bur
boh move mun
bre support pic
bul move rum
bur support mun
cly move nat
edi hold
gal move sil
gas move bre
lon support nth
lvn support mos
mar support pie
mos support war
mun support sil
nth support nwy move nrg
nwy move nrg
par support gas move bre
pic support bre
pie support mar
rom support ven
sev support ukr
sil support war
tri move vie
tyr support boh move mun
ukr hold
ven hold
vie move boh
wal move lvp
war support mos
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army nap
remove wal
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
ber move pru
boh move sil
bre support mar move gas
bul/sc hold
bur support mun
edi hold
gal support ukr move war
gas move bre
lon move yor
lvn support mos
mar move gas
mos support war
mun support sil
nat move mid
nth move edi
nrg support nth move edi
par support gas move bre
pic support bre
pie move mar
rom support ven
rum move ukr
sev move mos
sil support mun
tri move tyr
tyr move mun
ukr move war
vie support gal
war support mos
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
edi move cly
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
bel move pic
boh move mun
bre support par
bul/sc hold
bur support mun
edi support nrg
gal move sil
gas move par
lvn support mos
lvp hold
mid support pic move bre
mar move bur
mos support pru move war
mun support bur
nap move apu
nrg support edi
par support bre
pic move bre
pru move war
rom support ven
sev support war move mos
sil support mun
spa/sc move por
tri hold
tyr support boh move mun
ukr support war move mos
ven hold
vie move boh
war move mos
yor move lon
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Germany: army/dislodged mos
Germany: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
mos move stp
mun move kie
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
remove cly
build Fleet nap
build Army vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
apu support ven
ber support kie move mun
boh move sil
bre hold
bud support vie move gal
bul/sc hold
bur support kie move mun
edi move cly
gal move war
gas support bre
gre hold
kie move mun
lon move eng
lvn move mos
lvp move wal
mid move wes
mar move bur
mos support gal move war
mun support boh move sil
nap move tys
nrg move nat
par move bur
pic move bre
por move mid
rom move tus
sev support mos
sil support war
stp support lvn move mos
tri support bud
tyr support mun
ukr support gal move war
ven hold
vie move gal
war support lvn move mos
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
war move pru
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move ven
ber support kie move mun
boh support mun
bre hold
bud move rum
bul/sc hold
bur support kie move mun
cly move lvp
eng move lon
gal support war
gas support bre
gre move ion
kie move mun
lvn support pru move war
mid support bre
mar move bur
mos support war
mun support mar move bur
nat support cly move lvp
par support bur
pic move bre
pru move war
sev support mos
sil support pru move war
stp move mos
tri hold
tus move spa via convoy
tyr support mun
tys convoy tus move spa
ukr support war
ven move pie
wal move lvp
war support mos
wes convoy tus move spa
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove ion
build Army vie
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move mun
boh move sil
bre support wes move mid
bul/sc move aeg
bur support ber move mun
gal support boh move sil
gas support bre
kie support ber move mun
lon support lvp move wal
lvn move mos
lvp move wal
mid move eng
mar move bur
mos support war
mun support mar move bur
nat move mid
par support bur
pic move bre
pie move mar
pru move war
rum hold
sev support mos
sil support ber move mun
spa support gas
stp support lvn move mos
tri move vie
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ukr support war
ven move pie
vie move boh
wal support mid move eng
war support boh move sil
wes move mid
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Italy: fleet/dislodged wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
wal move iri
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
boh support tyr move mun
bre support eng
eng support bre
gal move sil
gas support bre
iri support wes move mid
mar move bur
mos support war
mun move ruh
pie move mar
rum move bud
sev support mos
sil move ber
spa support gas
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr support war
vie move tyr
war support gal move sil
wes move mid
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move mun
bre support eng move pic
bud move vie
eng move pic
gal support sil
gas support mar move bur
ion move tys
iri convoy spa move lvp
mid convoy spa move lvp
mar move bur
mos support war move lvn
mun move ber
pie move mar
ruh move hol
sev support mos
sil support mun move ber
spa move lvp via convoy
tyr support boh move mun
ukr move war
war move lvn
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army/dislodged pic
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support mun move kie
bur move par
gal move ukr
gas support bur move par
hol support mun move kie
iri move nat
lvn move stp
lvp hold
mid support iri move nat
mar move bur
mos support lvn move stp
mun move kie
pic move bel
sil move pru
tyr move mun
tys move wes
vie move tyr
war support sil move pru
wes hold
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Germany: fleet/dislodged nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Germany: army/dislodged par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Germany: army/dislodged pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Germany: army/dislodged stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army nap
build Army rom
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move nth
bre move eng
bud move rum
bur move bel
gas move par
kie move den
lvp move edi
mid convoy nap move lvp
mos move stp
nat convoy nap move lvp
nap move lvp via convoy
par move pic
stp move nwy
tys convoy nap move lvp
vie move boh
wes convoy nap move lvp
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Austria: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move kie
den hold
eng support nth move lon
nth move lon
nwy move swe
pru move ber
rum move ser
sev move arm
stp move nwy
tys convoy rom move lvp
ukr move mos
war move lvn
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Austria: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Germany: fleet/dislodged lon
Germany: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
