PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm support bla move sev
bla move sev
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur move bel
gal support sev move rum
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move por
mun move ruh
nth convoy yor move den
nrg move nwy
pic support bur move bel
rom move tus
ser support alb move gre
sev move rum
tri support mun move tyr
ukr move sev
ven move tyr
yor move den
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
arm support sev
bel move ruh
bud move ser
con move bla
gal move boh
gre support ser move bul
hol move hel
kie move den
lon move eng
mar support par move bur
mos move sev
mun support tri move tyr
nap move ion
nth convoy yor move den
nwy move swe
par move bur
pic move bel
por move spa/sc
ruh move hol
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev hold
tri move tyr
tus move ven
tyr move boh
ukr support mos move sev
vie move bud
yor move den
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
tyr move pie
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move pic
bud move tri
bul hold
bur move gas
eng convoy yor move bre
gal move rum
gre move aeg
hel move den
hol hold
ion move aeg
kie support hol
mar move spa
mos support rum move sev
mun hold
nth convoy yor move bre
nwy support nth
ruh move bel
rum move sev
ser move gre
spa/sc move mid
swe support hel move den
tun move ion
tyr support mun
ukr support rum move sev
yor move bre
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move smy
bel support pic
ber move mun
bre move pic
bud hold
con support bla move bul/sc
eng move bel
gas move par
gre move aeg
hol move bel
ion move tys
kie move ruh
lon move eng
mid move eng
mos move stp
mun move bur
nth support eng move bel
nwy support nth
pic support bel
rum support bul
ser move gre
sev hold
spa move gas
tri support tyr
tyr hold
ukr support sev
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move pic
bla support con move bul
bre move par
bud move tri
bul move con
bur move bel
con move bul
den move nth
gas move mar
gre hold
hol support bur move bel
lon move eng
mid move iri
mun support tyr
nth support lon move eng
nwy support nth
par move bre
pic support par move bre
pie move mar
ruh support bur move bel
rum hold
sev move arm
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys move gol
ukr hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move ser
nwy move ska
ven disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Fleet kie
build Fleet sev
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move bla
bel hold
bla move rum
bre move gas
bul move ser
den hold
eng convoy pic move lon
gas move spa
gre support ser move bul
hol support bel
iri move mid
kie support den
gol move wes
mun hold
nth support ska move den
nwy hold
par move bur
pic move lon
pie move tus
ruh hold
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support arm move bla
ska move den
smy move con
stp/nc move bar
swe support nwy
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ven move rom
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bar move nrg
bel hold
bla support sev move arm
bul hold
bur hold
con move smy
den hold
eng move bel
gas support bur
gre support bul
hol support bel
ion move nap
kie move hel
lon hold
mid move naf
mun move bur
nth move nrg
nwy hold
rom hold
ruh support mun move bur
rum support ukr
sev move arm
ska move nwy
spa move tun
swe support den
tri move ven
tun move tys
ukr support rum
ven move pie
wes convoy spa move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army bud
build Fleet mar
build Army par
remove ska
build Fleet tri
remove tus
remove tys
build Army vie
remove wes
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm support rum move ank
bar move nrg
bel hold
bla convoy rum move ank
bud move tri
bul move con
bur move pic
den move nth
eng convoy lon move bre
gas move bur
gre move bul
hel support den move nth
hol support bel
lon move bre
mar move pie
mun move bur
naf move wes
nap move tys
nth move nrg
nwy hold
par support gas move bur
pie move mar
rom hold
ruh support bel
rum move ank
swe move ska
tri move adr
tun move naf
ukr move rum
ven move pie
vie move tyr
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nth move edi
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank support bla move con
arm move bla
bar hold
bel hold
bla move con
bul hold
bur move bel
edi move nrg
eng move lon
gre move ser
hel move hol
hol move yor
mar move gol
mun move bur
naf move tun
nth convoy hol move yor
nwy move stp
par move gas
pic move bur
pie move mar
rom move nap
ruh support bel
ska move nwy
tri move ven
tyr hold
tys support mar move gol
ven move rom
wes move gol
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
remove bre
build Army mos
build Fleet tri
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
ank move smy
bar move nrg
bel hold
bla support rum
bul hold
bur move mun
con support ank move smy
gas support gol move mar
hol move nth
ion convoy nap move alb
lon support nrg move nth
gol move mar
mar move pie
mos move war
mun move bur
nap move alb
nth move lon
nrg move nth
nwy support bar move nrg
pic move par
rom move ven
ruh support bel
rum hold
ser support bul
stp move lvn
tri move adr
tyr move vie
tys hold
ven move tri
war move sil
wes move spa/sc
yor move lvp
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move den
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr hold
alb move tri
bel hold
bla move con
bul move ser
bur support nth move bel
con move aeg
den move nth
gas move mar
hol support den move nth
ion move gre
lon move yor
lvn move war
lvp support nrg move edi
mar move spa/sc
mun support sil move boh
nth move bel
nrg move edi
nwy support den move nth
par move pic
pie move ven
ruh hold
ser move bud
sil move boh
smy support bla move con
spa/sc move mid
tri move vie
tys move ion
ven move tyr
vie move boh
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove adr
build Fleet bre
build Army kie
build Army mos
build Fleet sev
remove yor
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
alb move ser
bel move nth
boh move vie
bre move eng
bud support vie
bur move ruh
con move aeg
edi move cly
gal move bud
gre support ser move bul
hol move nth
ion hold
kie support mun
lvp move wal
mid move iri
mos move ukr
mun support boh
nth move lon
nwy move nrg
pic move bur
ruh move hol
rum support gal move bud
ser move bul
sev move bla
smy move con
spa/sc move mid
tri support vie
tun move naf
ven support tyr
vie support bud
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
bel hold
bla support con move bul
boh move vie
bud move ser
bul support ser move rum
bur support bel
cly move nat
con move bul
eas move ion
eng convoy naf move wal
gal support boh move vie
gre support ion
hol support lon move nth
ion hold
iri support naf move wal
kie move den
lon move nth
mid convoy naf move wal
mar move bur
mun move sil
naf move wal
nrg support cly move nat
pic support bel
ruh move mun
rum support bud move ser
ser move rum
tri move bud
tyr move boh
ukr move mos
ven move tri
vie support tri move bud
wal move lon
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser move alb
vie move tyr
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bur
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/nc
remove tyr
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
alb move ser
bel move nth
ber move pru
bla move con
boh move gal
bud support tri move vie
bul move gre
den move swe
eas move ion
eng move mid
gal support rum move bud
gre move ion
hol support bel move nth
ion move tys
iri move nat
lon move yor
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support war
mun move tyr
nat hold
nth move ska
nrg support nat
pic move bur
rum move bud
ser move alb
sev move rum
sil support ber move pru
stp/nc move nwy
tri move vie
vie move tyr
wal move lvp
war hold
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
boh move vie
bud support alb move tri
bur move par
con move aeg
eas support aeg move ion
gal move vie
gre support ser
hol move bel
iri move nat
lvp move edi
mid move wes
mos support war
mun support pie move tyr
nat move lvp
nth move nwy
nrg support nwy move nth
nwy move nth
pie move tyr
pru move war
rum support vie move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev move rum
sil move gal
ska support nth move nwy
swe support nth move nwy
tri move ven
tys move nap
vie move bud
war move gal
wes move tun
yor support lvp move edi
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
nwy move stp/nc
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move nth
ber move bal
boh move vie
bud support ser move tri
eas support aeg move ion
edi move cly
gal move vie
gre move alb
ion move adr
mar move gol
mos support war
mun move boh
nat move cly
nap move apu
nrg move nwy
nwy support bel move nth
pru move war
rum move gal
ser move tri
sev move ukr
sil move gal
ska support nwy
stp/nc support nrg move nwy
swe move fin
tri move bud
tun support wes move tys
tyr support boh move vie
ven move apu
war hold
wes move tys
yor move wal
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
