PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move bur
nap move tys
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank hold
apu support tyr move ven
bot move swe
bul hold
con move aeg
edi move den
kie move hol
mid move por
mun move bur
nth support edi move den
nrg move nwy
par move bur
rum move sev
ser support alb move gre
sev move rum
tyr move ven
tys move tun
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army stp
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
ank hold
apu support ven
ber move kie
bre move pic
bud move ser
bul move gre
con move bul
den support kie move hel
edi move den
gre support ser move bul
hol move bel
kie move hel
lon support nth
mar move gol
mos move war
mun move boh
nap support tun move ion
nth support nwy move ska
nwy move ska
par move bur
por move spa/sc
rum support con move bul
ser move bul
sev move ukr
spa move mar
stp move lvn
swe hold
tri move alb
tun move ion
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move rom
bel move hol
boh move vie
bud move rum
bur move mun
den move ska
edi move hol
gal support boh move vie
hel move den
ion support alb move gre
kie move mun
lon support nth
lvn hold
mar move bur
nap support ion
nth support pic move bel
pic move bel
rum move sev
ser support bud move rum
ska move den
spa/sc move wes
swe support den move ska
tri move vie
ukr move rum
war move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
England: fleet/dislodged ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ska move nwy
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army con
build Army mun
build Army par
build Army smy
remove war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul
bel support nth move hol
bud move vie
bul move ser
bur move ruh
con support bul
den move nth
edi move yor
gal support vie move bud
gre support rum move bul
hol support kie move ruh
ion support gre
kie move ruh
lon move nth
lvn move stp
mar move bur
mun move bur
nap move apu
nth move hol
nwy hold
par move pic
rom move ven
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev support ukr move rum
ska support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri support ven move tyr
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
vie support ven move tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
nwy move nrg
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
ank move con
apu move adr
bel support hol
bud support ser move rum
bul hold
bur move mun
con move bul
den support ska move nth
gal support vie move bud
gre support bul
hol support lon move nth
ion support gre
kie move hol
lon move nth
gol hold
mar move bur
mun move ruh
nrg move nwy
nwy support ska move nth
pic hold
rum support con move bul
ser move rum
sev move bla
ska move nth
stp hold
tri move vie
tyr support bur move mun
ven support tyr
vie move bud
wes hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bud move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove bud
build Army sev
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tyr move tri
aeg support con move bul
ank move con
bel move eng
bla support con move bul
bre hold
bul hold
bur move ruh
con move bul
den move hel
gal move vie
gre support bul
hol hold
ion move tun
kie support ruh move mun
lon hold
mun support bur move ruh
nth support hol move bel
nrg move nwy
nwy support den move nth
pic move bel
ruh move mun
rum move ser
ser support bul
sev move rum
stp move mos
tri move bud
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tri move bud
war move sil
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move bur
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support con move gre
bla support con move bul
bud hold
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move gre via convoy
edi hold
gal move bud
gre move bul
hel support kie move hol
hol support lon move nth
kie move hol
lon move nth
gol support wes move tys
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nth support kie move hol
nrg support hol move nth
nwy move nrg
ruh support bur move mun
rum support gal move bud
ser support gre move bul
sev move ukr
sil support mun
tri move vie
ven move tri
vie support bud
wes move tys
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move kie
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet rom
build Army smy
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move smy
bel move hol
bla support con move bul
bre move eng
bud support rum move ser
bul move gre
con move bul
edi hold
eng move iri
hel move nth
hol support nth move bel
ion move tys
kie support sil move mun
lon support nrg move nth
gol move wes
mun move kie
nth move bel
nrg move nth
nwy move nrg
rom support ion move tys
ruh support mun move kie
rum move ser
ser move bud
sil move mun
tun move wes
tys hold
ukr move rum
vie support ser move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army/dislodged bel
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move bur
kie move ber
tys move tus
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move gre
bel support hol
ber move kie
bud move tri
bul support ser
bur support ruh
edi hold
eng move bel
gal support tri move vie
hel move den
hol support ber move kie
iri move mid
kie hold
lon support nth
gol move wes
mun support ber move kie
nth support eng move bel
nrg move edi
rom support tys move tus
ruh support kie
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
smy move gre via convoy
stp move nwy
tri move vie
tun move wes
tus move gol
tys move tus
ven move tri
vie support bud move tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
Germany: fleet/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: fleet/dislodged tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
tus move pie
vie move tyr
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army nap
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
remove tyr
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg hold
bel move hol
bud move gal
bul move rum
bur support ruh move mun
con move bul
den move nth
edi hold
gal move boh
hol support kie move ruh
kie move ruh
lon move nth
gol move wes
mid move bre
mun move bur
nap move apu
nth move hel
nrg support den move nth
nwy hold
pie move gol
rom move tys
ruh move mun
ser move bud
smy move aeg
stp/sc move bot
tun move wes
tus move pie
ven support tus move pie
vie move tyr
war move lvn
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: fleet pie
France: fleet/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move sil
pie move mar
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move rom
bel hold
boh move mun
bot move bal
bre hold
bur support mun
edi hold
gal move war
hel move den
hol move yor via convoy
lon move nth
lvn move stp
gol move spa/sc
mar hold
mun hold
nth convoy hol move yor
nrg convoy nwy move cly
nwy move cly via convoy
pic move bel
pie move gol
ruh support pic move bel
rum move gal
sil support boh move mun
smy move aeg
tun move naf
tyr support boh move mun
tys support pie move gol
ven move pie
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
France: fleet/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
bel move hol
mun move kie
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
remove bel
build Fleet lvp
build Army par
remove ruh
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal move swe
bre move mid
bul move rum
bur move bel
cly move edi
den move nth
edi support lvp move cly
gal move boh
hol support bur move bel
ion move tun
lon support den move nth
lvp move cly
gol move mar
mar move gol
mun move ber
naf support tys move wes
nth move lon
nrg support cly move edi
par move bur
pie support gol move mar
rom move tus
sil support mun move ber
spa/sc move mar
stp move nwy
tyr move mun
tys move wes
war move pru
yor support nth move lon
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: army edi
England: army/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
edi move lvp
lon move wal
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
bel hold
ber move kie
boh move tyr
bur move mun
cly support lvp
edi move lvp
hol support kie
kie support bur move mun
lon support nrg move nth
lvp hold
mid support spa/sc
naf move mid
nth support wal move lon
nrg move nth
nwy move den
pie support mar
pru move ber
rum hold
sil support mun
spa/sc hold
swe support nwy move den
tun move wes
tus support pie
wal move lon
wes support naf move mid
yor move wal
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove cly
build Fleet con
remove lvp
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
remove yor
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move kie
bre move eng
bur move mun
con move bul/ec
edi move lvp
hol support kie
kie hold
lon support nrg move nth
mid move iri
mar support wes move spa
mun support ber move kie
naf move mid
nth move lon
nrg convoy nwy move cly
nwy move cly via convoy
pie support mar
pru move lvn
rum move gal
sil move ber
smy move aeg
spa/sc hold
swe move den
tun move tys
tyr move boh
ven move tri
wal support nth move lon
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
Germany: fleet/dislodged lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lon move yor
spa/sc move por
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber move kie
boh move sil
bul/ec move con
cly support lvp
den support ber move kie
eng support hol move nth
gre move bul
hol move nth
ion move tys
iri move nat
lvn move war
lvp hold
mid move por
mar support spa/sc
mun support ber move kie
nrg move nth
pie support mar
por move mid
sil move ber
tri move vie
tys move wes
yor move edi
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
France: army/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move hol
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bel
remove bur
build Army mos
build Fleet rom
build Army stp
remove wal
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move kie
bul move rum
cly move lvp
con move aeg
den move nth
edi hold
eng hold
gal move boh
hol hold
ion move tys
kie move ruh
lon hold
lvp move yor
mid support spa/sc move por
mar move gol
mun move bur
nth hold
nrg support den move nth
pie move mar
por hold
sil move ber
spa/sc move por
stp move nwy
tys move wes
wes move naf
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
nth move ska
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
boh move tyr
bur move par
edi hold
eng move iri
hol move bel
kie move den
lon hold
gol move spa/sc
mid support por
nat support eng move iri
nth support yor move lon
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
por support gol move spa
rom move nap
ruh move hol
rum move gal
ska move swe
tus move pie
war move sil
yor move lon
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
lon disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove nat
build Fleet rom
remove ska
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army ven
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel hold
ber move kie
den move kie
edi hold
gal move boh
iri move eng
mid move bre
mar move gas
mos move lvn
nap move apu
nth move eng
nrg move nat
nwy move swe
par support mid move bre
pie move mar
rom move tus
sil move war
smy move aeg
stp/sc move bot
tyr move mun
ven move tri
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel hold
boh move sil
bot move bal
bud move ser
den move kie
edi hold
hol move bel
ion move tys
lvn move war
mun move bur
naf move mid
nth support hol move bel
swe move den
tys move wes
war move gal
wes move naf
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move ruh
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove iri
build Army mos
remove ruh
build Army ven
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move nap
bal move den
den move kie
edi hold
gal move bud
ion move tys
kie move hol
mid move iri
naf move mid
nth move eng
tys move wes
ven move tyr
wes move naf
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move nth
edi hold
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move mid
bud support ser
bur move pic
gas move bur
mos move war
nap move ion
par support gas move bur
por support bre move mid
ser hold
tri move alb
tus move rom
tyr move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Turkey: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
