PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move pru
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hel
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar hold
mos move stp
mun move sil
nap hold
par move pic
sev hold
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move ven
ven move tyr
vie move tyr
war move lvn
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bla support bul move rum
bul move rum
con move bul
edi move nth
lvn move swe via convoy
mid move por
mar move spa
pic move bel
pru hold
ser move bul
sil hold
stp move nwy
tri move ven
vie move bud
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move hol
bla support con move bul
bot hold
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
hel move den
lon move nth
lvn move swe via convoy
mar move bur
mos move lvn
nth move den
nwy hold
par move pic
por move mid
pru move sil
rum hold
ser move gre
sil move boh
smy move aeg
spa move mar
tri move ven
ven move tyr
vie move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bla support bul
boh move tyr
bul hold
bur move bel
eng convoy pic move wal
gre hold
hel move den
hol hold
lon move nth
lvn move swe via convoy
mid move iri
mar move bur
mos move ukr
nth move ska
nwy hold
pic move wal via convoy
rum move bud
ser support gre
sev hold
sil move boh
tri move ven
vie move gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel hold
bla convoy con move rum
boh move vie
bre move eng
bud support bul move ser
bul move ser
bur hold
con move rum
den hold
eng move nth
hol hold
ion move tun
iri move wal
lon hold
lvn move swe via convoy
nap move ion
nth move edi
nwy hold
ska move swe
smy move aeg
tyr support boh move vie
ven move tyr
wal move lvp
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bel move ruh
bla support rum move bul
bud support tyr move tri
bur move mun
den hold
edi move cly
eng support wal move lon
hol move kie
ion move nap
lon move yor
lvn move swe via convoy
lvp move edi
nth support lvp move edi
nwy move swe
rum move bul
ser support aeg move gre
sev hold
tun hold
tyr move tri
ukr move gal
ven move tyr
vie support tyr move tri
wal move lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gre
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
remove cly
build Army con
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Fleet smy
remove swe
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move smy
ber move kie
bla move con
bot move bal
bre move eng
bud move tri
bul move gre
con move bul
den support ber move kie
edi move lvp
eng move iri
gre move ion
kie move ber
lon move nth
lvn move pru
mar move spa/sc
mun support kie move ber
nth move hel
nwy hold
par move bur
ruh move kie
ser support bud move tri
smy move aeg
swe move ska
tri move vie
tun move tys
tyr move tri
ukr move war
vie move boh
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal convoy nwy move swe
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bul move gre
bur support mun
con move aeg
den hold
eng move lon
gre move alb
hel support nth move den
ion move adr
iri move lvp
kie support nth move den
lvp move edi
mun hold
nth move den
nwy move swe
pru move swe via convoy
ruh support kie
ser support tri
sev move bla
smy move ank
tri support vie move tyr
tys support aeg move ion
vie move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Army sev
remove ska
remove tyr
remove yor
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy alb move apu
aeg move con
alb move apu
ank move arm
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bre move mid
bur move mun
con move bul/ec
den move ska
edi hold
gre move tus
hel move den
ion convoy gre move tus
kie support hel move den
lon move nth
lvp move nat
mar hold
mun move tyr
par move bur
ruh support bur move mun
ser move rum
spa/sc hold
tri move ven
tys convoy gre move tus
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tus move ven
apu move rom
arm move sev
boh move mun
bul/ec move bla
bur move mun
con support bul/ec move bla
den support ska
edi move nwy via convoy
ion move tun
kie move ber
mid move naf
mar move gol
nat move nrg
nap move ion
nth convoy edi move nwy
par move bur
rom move apu
ruh support bur move mun
rum support arm move sev
ska support edi move nwy
spa/sc move wes
tus move ven
tyr move vie
tys support apu move rom
ven move tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet/dislodged bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Army mar
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr hold
ank move rum
bla convoy ank move rum
bre move mid
bur move mar
con support smy move aeg
den move kie
kie move mun
gol move tys
mar move pie
mun move boh
naf move tun
nth move nwy
nrg move bar
nwy move stp
rom move nap
ruh support den move kie
rum move bud
sev move mos
ska support nth move nwy
smy move aeg
tri move tyr
tun support tys
tys support tun
ven move pie
vie move bud
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
ank move sev
bar move stp/nc
bla convoy ank move sev
boh move gal
bur move ruh
con move aeg
kie move ber
gol support wes move tys
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos hold
mun support kie move ber
nap hold
nwy move swe
ruh move kie
rum move bud
ska support nwy move swe
stp move lvn
tun support wes move tys
tyr move tri
tys move tus
ven move pie
vie move bud
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army/dislodged swe
France: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
