PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move nap
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move ven
ven move pie
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bla support con move bul
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move bul
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move por
nap move rom
nth convoy yor move den
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
pie move mar
ruh move bel
rum support ser move bul
ser hold
spa hold
ukr move gal
vie move bud
war move pru
yor move den
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army nap
build Army par
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel support mun move bur
bla support con move bul
bud hold
bul move ser
con move bul
gal move sil
gre support bul move ser
hol move nth
kie move den
lon move nth
mar move pie
mos move war
mun move bur
nap move rom
nth move hel
nwy move ska
par move bur
pic move par
por move spa/sc
pru hold
rom move tus
rum support ser move bul
ser hold
sev move rum
smy move aeg
spa move mar
swe move bal
tri move ven
tun move ion
ven move apu
vie move tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ser move alb
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support tri move ser
apu move nap
bal support pru move ber
bel hold
ber move pru
bla support bul
bud support tri move ser
bul support ser
bur move mun
den move kie
gre move alb
hel move den
hol move nth
ion move nap
lon move nth
mar hold
par move bur
pic move par
pie move ven
pru move ber
rom support pie move ven
rum hold
ser support gre move alb
sev move ukr
sil support pru move ber
ska support hel move den
spa/sc support mar
tri move ser
tus support pie move ven
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: fleet/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ven move adr
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove adr
remove apu
build Army bre
build Fleet edi
build Army mos
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move ser
bal move kie
ber support sil move mun
bla support bul
bre move pic
bud move ser
bul support ser
bur hold
den move hel
edi move nth
gal move boh
gre move alb
hol move hel
kie support mun
lon support edi move nth
mar move pie
mos move lvn
mun support kie
par support bur
rum hold
ser support gre move alb
sil move mun
ska move den
smy move eas
spa/sc move wes
tri move ven
ukr move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
mun move tyr
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb move tri
bal support ber move kie
bel support hol
ber move kie
bla hold
boh move vie
bul move gre
bur move ruh
den support nth move hel
eas move ion
gal support boh move vie
gre move alb
hol support bel
ion move tun
kie move ber
lon support nth
lvn move pru
mun support ber move kie
nth move hel
par move bur
pic move bel
pie move ven
rom move nap
rum move bla
ser support gre move alb
ska support lon move nth
tri move vie
tus move pie
tyr move vie
ven support tus move pie
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ion move tys
pie move mar
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove bel
build Army mos
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
bla hold
bud support tri move vie
bur support pic move bel
den move swe
gal move bud
gre support ser
hel move den
hol move nth
ion move adr
kie hold
lon move nth
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun hold
nap move tun via convoy
pic move bel
pie move tyr
pru move ber
ruh support pic move bel
rum move sev
ser support alb move tri
sev move rum
ska support den move swe
stp/sc move bot
tri move vie
tyr support mar move pie
tys convoy nap move tun
ven support pie move tyr
vie support gal move bud
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
tyr disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
bal support bot move swe
bel hold
ber move kie
bla support gre move bul
bot move swe
bur support ruh move mun
den support ska move swe
gal move bud
gre move bul
hol move kie
ion support wes move tun
kie move ruh
lon move nth
mun support kie move ruh
nap move rom
pie support adr move ven
ruh move mun
rum move bla
ser support tri
sev move arm
ska move swe
stp move nwy
swe move nwy
tri support adr move ven
tyr support ven
tys move nap
ven hold
vie support gal move bud
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Turkey: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
mun move boh
ven move tus
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Army smy
remove tus
remove tyr
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank support smy move arm
arm move sev
bal support bot move swe
bel move hol
bla support bul move rum
boh support ruh move mun
bot move swe
bre move pic
bud move tri
bul move rum
bur move ruh
den support hol move kie
edi move nrg
hol move kie
ion support tun move tys
mar move gol
mun support bur move ruh
nap support rom
nth convoy yor move nwy
par support bre move pic
pie move tyr
rom support nap
ruh move mun
rum move bla
ser support bul move rum
ska support swe
smy move arm
stp move fin
tri support ven
tun hold
ven support tri
vie support bud move tri
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ber
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm move sev
bal support kie move ber
ber support ruh move mun
bla support arm move sev
boh move tyr
bot move fin
bud move rum
den support ska move swe
fin move stp
hol support pic move bel
ion move nap
kie support ber
gol move tys
mun support kie move ber
nap support rom
nth move nwy
nrg move bar
nwy support swe move fin
par move bur
pic move bel
rom support nap
ruh move mun
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev move rum via convoy
ska move swe
swe move fin
tri support ser move bud
tun support gol move tys
tyr support ruh move mun
ven support tri
vie support boh move tyr
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: army/dislodged tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move gal
mun move sil
sev move mos
tyr move pie
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bal
build Army con
remove gal
build Fleet mar
build Army par
remove sil
build Fleet smy
remove tyr
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move rum via convoy
arm move sev
bar support nwy move stp
bel move hol
ber support hol move kie
bla convoy ank move rum
bot move stp/sc
bud move vie
bur move mun
con move bul
fin support nwy move stp
hol move kie
ion hold
kie hold
mar move gol
mos hold
mun move sil
nap support rom
nwy move stp
par move bur
pie move tyr
rom support nap
rum move gal
sev move ukr
smy move aeg
stp hold
swe move bot
tri support bud move vie
tun move ion
tys support tun move ion
ven support tri
vie move gal
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
France: army kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move eas
kie disband
stp disband
vie disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
ank move rum via convoy
bar move nrg
ber move pru
bla convoy ank move rum
bot move bal
bul move gre
bur move bel
eas move ion
fin support stp
hol hold
ion move nap
kie hold
gol move wes
mos hold
mun support tyr
nap move apu
rom move tus
rum move gal
sev move mos
sil move war
stp support sev move mos
swe move bot
tri move tyr
tyr hold
tys move rom
ukr move war
ven hold
vie support tri move tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army con
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army par
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move gre
bal move swe
bel move ruh
bot move bal
bre move pic
con move gre via convoy
den support bot move bal
fin move swe
gal support ukr move war
gre move apu via convoy
hol hold
ion convoy gre move apu
kie move ber
lon hold
mar move pie
mos support ukr move war
mun move boh
nap move apu
nth support den
nrg move nat
par move bur
pru move war
rom move nap
rum move ser
sil support kie move ber
smy move eas
tri move ven
tyr support mun move boh
ukr move war
ven move adr
vie support gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet/dislodged bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg support eas move ion
bal move swe
ber move pru
boh move vie
bur move mun
con move bul
eas move ion
fin move bot
gal support vie
gre move ser
hol move bel
ion move tys
mos support war
nap move apu
pic support hol move bel
pie support tyr move ven
pru move lvn
rom move tys
ruh move kie
ser move tri
sil move war
tun move ion
tyr move ven
ven support ser move tri
vie support ser move tri
war support gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg convoy con move gre
apu support tun move ion
bel move eng
bla convoy bul move sev
boh move gal
bot support stp
bul move sev via convoy
con move gre via convoy
den move hel
eas support ion
gal support war
ion support adr move apu
kie move ber
lon move eng
lvn support sil move war
mos support war
mun support tyr
nat move iri
pic move bur
pie move ven
pru support sil move war
rom move nap
ser move bud
sil move war
stp hold
swe move den
tri support vie
tun move ion
tyr support pie move ven
ven hold
vie support gal
war hold
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
Turkey: army/dislodged ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: army war
Turkey: army/dislodged war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
ven move tus
war move ukr
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg support eas move ion
apu support ven
bel hold
ber move sil
boh move vie
bot support stp
bud move vie
bur move ruh
den move kie
eas move ion
gal support ukr move war
gre move alb
hel move hol
ion move tys
iri move mid
lon move eng
lvn support war
mos support ukr move war
mun support tyr
nap move rom
nth support hel move hol
pru support war
sev move ukr
tri support vie move tyr
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr support ven
ukr move war
ven hold
vie move tyr
war hold
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
remove sev
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy alb move ven
aeg support ion
alb move ven via convoy
apu move ion
bel move pic
boh move mun
bot move swe
bud support gal
eng move pic
gal support vie
hol support lon move bel
ion support tys
kie support hol
lon move bel via convoy
lvn support war
lvp move iri
mid move spa/nc
mos support ukr
mun move bur
nap support apu move ion
nth convoy lon move bel
pru support war
ruh move bel
sil move ber
tri support alb move ven
tun support apu move ion
tus support alb move ven
tyr move pie
tys support ion
ukr support gal
ven move rom
vie support tri
war hold
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg support ion
apu move nap
bel support hol
ber move kie
bud move vie
bur support ruh move bel
eng move bre
gal support ukr move war
hol support kie
ion support tys
iri move mid
kie support hol
lvn move pru
mos support ukr move war
mun support ber move kie
nap move rom
nth support bel
pie move mar
pru move ber
rom move tus
ruh move bel
stp move lvn
swe move den
tri move tyr
tun move wes
tus move rom
tys support tus move rom
ukr move war
ven support tus move rom
vie move boh
war move sil
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove apu
build Army con
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
remove lvn
build Army lvp
remove nap
remove pru
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move ion
ank move arm
bel move pic
ber support mun
boh move sil
bre move gas
bur move par
con move bul
den support kie
edi move bel via convoy
gal support vie move boh
hol support bel
ion move tun
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mid support spa/nc
mar support wes move spa
mos support war
mun hold
nth convoy edi move bel
rom move tus
ruh move bur
sil support mun
smy move eas
spa/nc support bre move gas
tyr support ven move pie
tys move gol
ven move pie
vie move boh
war support boh move sil
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
France: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
