PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move sil
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar support par move bur
mos move ukr
par move bur
sev move rum
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move tri
war move lvn
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bot move bal
bur move bel
con move aeg
lvn support ukr move war
mid move por
mar move spa
mun move tyr
nth convoy yor move den
nrg move nwy
rum move bla
ser move bul
sil move mun
tri move bud
ukr move war
yor move den
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal move swe
bel hold
ber move mun
bla move rum
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move aeg
den hold
edi move nth
gre hold
hol move kie
lon hold
lvn move war
mar move gol
mun move tyr
nth move ska
nwy move stp/nc
par move bur
por move spa/sc
ser support bud move rum
spa move mar
tri hold
tyr move pie
vie support tri
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move gre
bel hold
bul support smy move gre
bur move mar
den move kie
gre hold
ion support smy move gre
kie move ber
lon move hol
gol convoy mar move tus
mid move naf
mar move tus
mun support kie move ber
nth convoy lon move hol
pie support tyr move ven
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
ska move nwy
smy move gre
spa/sc move wes
stp/nc support ska move nwy
tri move alb
tyr move ven
vie move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tus
Germany: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul move con
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tus
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Army lvp
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tus
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
alb move gre
bel hold
ber support mun move kie
bud move rum
bul move con
con move bul
edi move nrg
gre support con move bul
hol move ruh
ion move tun
kie support hol move ruh
lon move hol
lvp move edi
gol move tys
mar move pie
mun move kie
naf move tun
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy move swe
ser support bud move rum
stp/nc move bar
tri hold
tus move ven
ven move tyr
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
England: army/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move den
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul
alb move gre
bar convoy edi move stp
bel hold
ber support kie
bul hold
den support hol move kie
edi move stp
gre hold
hol move kie
ion support gre
kie hold
naf move tun
nth move ska
nrg convoy edi move stp
nwy move swe
pie move ven
ruh support hol move kie
rum move sev
ser move rum
tri move ser
tyr move mun
tys support ven move rom
ven move rom
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre
bar hold
bel support par move bur
ber support mun move kie
bre move gas
bul hold
con support bul
den move nwy
gre hold
ion move apu
kie hold
mar move spa/sc
mun move kie
nrg hold
nwy move swe
par move bur
rom support tys move nap
ruh support kie
ska convoy den move nwy
stp move mos
tun move ion
tys move nap
ven move tyr
wes move tys
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support ser move gre
apu move ven
bar hold
bel support gas move bur
ber move kie
bud move gal
bur move mun
con support bul
gas move bur
gre move alb
ion move eas
kie hold
mos hold
mun support ber move kie
nap support tys move ion
nrg hold
nwy move swe
rom move ven
ruh support bur move mun
rum move bul
ser move gre
sev hold
ska move nth
spa/sc hold
swe move bal
tri hold
tyr support bur move mun
tys move ion
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move boh
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bal convoy swe move lvn
bar convoy edi move stp
bel hold
ber move kie
bud move gal
bur support bel
eas support ion move aeg
edi move stp
gal move ukr
gre move bul
ion move aeg
kie move ber
lon move hol
mar move spa/sc
mos support swe move lvn
mun support kie move ber
nap move ion
nth convoy lon move hol
nrg convoy edi move stp
par move gas
rom move apu
ruh move kie
rum support gre move bul
sev hold
spa/sc move wes
swe move lvn
tyr move ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: fleet/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bul disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bal support ber move pru
bar hold
bel hold
ber move pru
bul hold
bur support mun
eas support aeg move smy
gal move war
gas hold
hol move kie
ion hold
kie move ber
lvn support mos
mos hold
mun hold
nth hold
nrg hold
rom move nap
rum move sev
sev move arm
spa/sc hold
stp support mos
ukr support gal move war
ven hold
wes hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Army mar
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move ank
bal hold
bar hold
bel hold
ber move sil
bud move ser
bul hold
bur move mun
eas convoy nap move smy
edi move hol
gas move spa
ion convoy nap move smy
kie move ber
lvn move war
mar move pie
mos hold
mun move tyr
nap move smy
nth convoy edi move hol
nrg hold
pru support lvn move war
sev support ukr move mos
smy move aeg
spa/sc move wes
stp support mos
ukr move mos
ven support mun move tyr
war support ukr move mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
France: army smy
France: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
France: army smy
France: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank support bul move con
bal move swe
bar move nrg
bel hold
ber move mun
bul move con
eas move aeg
gal support vie
gre move aeg
hol move bel
ion support aeg move gre
mos hold
mun support sil move boh
nth support hol move bel
nrg move nat
pie move tyr
pru support war
ser support tri
sev hold
sil support ber move mun
smy support con
spa move nap
stp support mos
tri hold
tyr move tri
tys convoy spa move nap
ukr move war
ven support tyr move tri
vie hold
war hold
wes convoy spa move nap
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
France: army smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel disband
gre move alb
mun move kie
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
France: army smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove con
build Army edi
build Army lon
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
France: army smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move gre
apu move adr
bel move bur
bre support wes move mid
bul move con
edi move bel
gal move war
ion support gre
kie move hol
mos hold
mun support sil move boh
nat move iri
nap move tus
nth convoy edi move bel
nrg move nat
pie move mar
pru support war
ser support alb move gre
sev move mos
sil move boh
smy support aeg move con
stp support mos
swe move bal
tri hold
tyr move tri
tys convoy nap move tus
ukr support sev move mos
ven support tyr move tri
vie move boh
war hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
France: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army smy
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
bal move kie
bel support lon move hol
boh move gal
bre move eng
bul move rum
bur move par
con hold
gre move ion
hol move kie
ion move tun
iri move eng
lon move hol
mid support bre move eng
mar move gas
mos hold
mun support bal move kie
nat move mid
nth convoy lon move hol
pru move sil
ser move bud
smy move ank
stp support mos
tri support ven move tyr
tus move pie
tys move wes
ven move tyr
war support boh move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
France: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: army gas
France: supply gre
England: army hol
France: army/dislodged hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
hol move ruh
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
France: army ank
France: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: army gas
France: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
build Army mar
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
France: army ank
France: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet con
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
France: army gas
France: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel support hol move ruh
bre move mid
con move bla
gal move ukr
gas move par
hol move ruh
ion move tys
iri support nat move mid
kie hold
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mid move por
mar support ruh move bur
mos hold
mun support sil move boh
nat move mid
nth support lon move eng
par hold
pie move tyr
ruh move bur
sil move boh
stp support mos
tri support vie
tun move naf
tyr move mun
war support gal move ukr
wes support bre move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
France: supply ank
France: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bla
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm support sev
bel move bur
bla support rum
boh support mun move tyr
bre move mid
bur move par
eng convoy wal move bre
gas support bur move par
iri support nat move mid
kie move hol
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move tyr
naf support bre move mid
nat move mid
nth move nrg
par support wal move bre
pie support tyr
por support bre move mid
ruh support bel move bur
stp move mos
tri support vie
tyr support vie
tys move gol
ukr support mos move sev
wal move bre
war move gal
wes support bre move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
France: supply ank
France: army arm
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: army gas
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
England: army/dislodged par
England: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
par move pic
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
France: supply ank
France: army arm
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: army gas
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
France: supply ank
France: army arm
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: army gas
France: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm support sev
bla support rum
boh support mun move tyr
bre support pic move par
bur support pic move par
eng support nat move mid
gal support ukr move rum
gas move mar
hol move nth
iri support nat move mid
gol support gas move mar
mid hold
mos move sev
mun move tyr
naf support mid
nat move mid
nrg move nat
par move pic
pic move par
pie support tyr
por support mid
ruh support bur
spa support gas move mar
stp move lvn
tri support vie
tyr support vie
ukr move rum
wes support mid
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
France: supply ank
France: army arm
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
par disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
France: supply ank
France: army arm
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm support sev
bla support rum
boh support vie
bre support par move gas
bur support par move gas
eng support nat move mid
gal support ukr move rum
iri support nat move mid
lvn move war
gol hold
mid hold
mar hold
mos move sev
mun hold
naf support mid
nat move mid
nth hold
nrg move nat
par move gas
pie support tyr
por support mid
ruh support mun
spa support mar
tri support vie
tyr support vie
ukr move rum
wes support mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
France: supply ank
France: army arm
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
England: army gas
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
France: supply ank
France: army arm
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
England: army gas
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm support sev
bla support rum
boh support mun move tyr
bre hold
bur move mar
eng support nat move mid
gal move rum
gas support bur move mar
iri support nat move mid
gol hold
mid hold
mar hold
mos move sev
mun move tyr
naf support mid
nat move mid
nth hold
nrg move nat
pie support tyr
por support mid
ruh move bur
spa support mar
tri support vie
tyr support vie
ukr support gal move rum
war move gal
wes support mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
France: supply ank
France: army arm
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
England: army gas
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm support sev
bla support rum
boh support mun move tyr
bur move mar
eng support nat move mid
gal support ukr move rum
gas support bur move mar
iri support nat move mid
gol support mar
mid hold
mar support pie
mos move sev
mun move tyr
naf support mid
nat move mid
nth move bel
nrg move nat
pie support tyr
por support mid
ruh move mun
spa support mar
tri support vie
tyr support vie
ukr move rum
war move ukr
wes support mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
France: supply ank
France: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
England: army gas
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
France: supply ank
France: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
England: army gas
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm support sev
bel hold
bla support rum
boh move vie
bur hold
eng hold
gal support boh move vie
gas move par
iri move lvp
gol support mar
mid hold
mar hold
mos support ukr move sev
mun hold
naf support mid
nat move cly
nrg hold
pie support tyr
por support mid
ruh hold
spa support mar
tri support vie
tyr support vie
ukr move sev
war move ukr
wes support mid
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
France: supply ank
France: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
England: fleet cly
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm support sev
bel move eng
bla support rum
boh support mun move tyr
bre move gas
bur support bre move gas
cly move nat
eng move bre
gal move rum
lvp move iri
gol hold
mid hold
mar hold
mos move sev
mun move tyr
naf support mid
nrg move nth
par support eng move bre
pie support tyr
por support mid
ruh support mun
spa support mar
tri support vie
tyr support vie
ukr support gal move rum
war support gal
wes support mid
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
France: supply ank
France: army arm
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
England: army gas
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
France: supply ank
France: army arm
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
England: army gas
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm support sev
bla support rum
boh move vie
bre move gas
bur support bre move gas
eng move bre
gal support boh move vie
gas move par
iri support nat move mid
lvp move wal
gol support mar
mid hold
mar hold
mos move sev
mun support boh
naf support mid
nat move mid
nth move eng
par move pic
pie support tyr
por support mid
ruh support mun
spa support mar
tri support vie
tyr support vie
ukr support mos move sev
war support gal
wes support mid
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
France: supply ank
France: army arm
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
England: fleet gas
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm support sev
bla support rum
boh move vie
bur move mar
eng support iri move mid
gal support boh move vie
gas support iri move mid
iri move mid
gol support mar
mid support por
mar support pie
mos support ukr move sev
naf support mid
nat support iri move mid
par support gas
pic support bre
pie support tyr
por support mid
ruh support mun
spa support mar
tri support vie
tyr support vie
ukr move sev
wal move iri
war support gal
wes support mid
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
France: supply ank
France: army arm
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
England: fleet gas
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
France: supply ank
France: army arm
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
England: fleet gas
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm support sev
bla support rum
boh move vie
bre support nat move mid
bur support gas
eng support iri move mid
gal support boh move vie
gas support nat move mid
iri move mid
gol support mar
mid hold
mar hold
mos move sev
mun support boh
naf support mid
nat support iri move mid
par support gas
pic support bre
pie support tyr
por support mid
ruh support mun
spa support mar
tri support vie
tyr support vie
ukr support mos move sev
wal move iri
war support ukr
wes support mid
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
France: supply ank
France: army arm
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
England: fleet gas
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm support sev
bla support rum
boh support mun move tyr
bre support iri move mid
bur move mar
eng support iri move mid
gal move rum
gas support iri move mid
iri move mid
gol hold
mid hold
mar hold
mos move sev
mun move tyr
naf support mid
nat support iri move mid
par support gas
pic support bre
pie support tyr
por support mid
ruh move mun
spa support mar
tri support vie
tyr support vie
ukr support gal move rum
wal move iri
war support gal
wes support mid
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
France: supply ank
France: army arm
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
England: fleet gas
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
France: supply ank
France: army arm
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
England: fleet gas
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm support sev
bla support rum
boh support mun move tyr
bre support gas
bur support gas
eng support mid
gal move rum
gas move spa/nc
iri support mid
gol support mar
mid support gas move spa/nc
mos move sev
mun move tyr
naf support wes
nat support mid
par support gas
pic move bel
pie support tyr
por support spa
ruh move mun
spa support mar
tri support vie
tyr support vie
ukr support gal move rum
war support gal
wes support spa
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
France: supply ank
France: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
England: fleet gas
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm support sev
bel move hol
bla support rum
boh support gal move vie
bre support mid
bur move mar
eng hold
gal move vie
gas move spa/nc
iri support mid
gol support spa
mid move por
mar support pie
mos move sev
mun move tyr
naf hold
nat support mid
par support gas
pie support tyr
por support spa
ruh support mun
spa support mar
tri support vie
tyr support vie
ukr support mos move sev
war support gal
wes support spa
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
France: supply ank
France: army arm
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
France: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
England: fleet gas
France: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
