PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move mun
bre move gas
con move bul
kie move den
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move tys
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
ven move tus
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
apu hold
bot move swe
bul move rum
den hold
gas move mid
mar move bur
mun move boh
par move pic
ruh hold
sev move bla
stp move nwy
tus hold
tys move tun
ukr move rum
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
build Army sev
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
apu move ven
arm support ank move bla
ber move mun
bla move con
boh hold
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul
den move hel
mid move eng
nwy move swe
pic support bur move bel
ruh hold
sev support ukr move rum
swe move ska
tun move wes
tus move pie
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move hol
bla support arm move sev
boh move vie
bul move rum
con move smy
eng move mid
gal move bud
gre move ser
hel move hol
mun move bur
pic move bel
pie move mar
ruh move bel
rum support gal move bud
sev support rum
ska move nth
swe move nwy
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sev move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel support pic move bur
bla move rum
boh move sil
bul support bla move rum
bur move mun
gal move bud
hel move hol
mid move por
mar move gas
mos support ukr move sev
nap move ion
pic move bur
rom move tus
ruh support bel move hol
rum support gal move bud
ser support bla move rum
sev support bla move rum
smy move con
spa/sc move por
tri hold
ukr move sev
ven move pie
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: fleet/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move ukr
sev disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move gre
bur support bel move par
gal move bud
gas move bre
ion move gre
lon support nth
mid move por
mos move war
mun move tyr
nth convoy nwy move den
nwy move den via convoy
pie move mar
ser support bul move gre
sev support ukr
sil move boh
smy hold
spa/sc move por
tri hold
tus move pie
ukr support mos move war
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove mid
build Army rom
build Army stp
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move smy
bel move pic
boh support vie
bre move par
bur support bel move pic
con support ank move smy
den move yor via convoy
gal move bud
hol move bel
ion move aeg
mar move spa
nth convoy den move yor
pie move mar
rom move ven
ruh hold
ser support rum
sev hold
spa/sc move mid
stp move nwy
tyr move vie
ukr move war
ven move pie
war move pru
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Russia: fleet/dislodged smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
smy move eas
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
boh support tyr move vie
bur move par
con move bul
eas move ion
gal support ser move bud
gre support con move bul
mid move nat
mar move gas
nth convoy nwy move edi
nwy move edi
par move bre
pic support bur move par
pie move mar
pru move ber
rum support con move bul
ser support rum
smy hold
spa move por
tri hold
tyr move vie
ven hold
war move sil
yor support nwy move edi
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Russia: army edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Army kie
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
remove pic
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
ber support sil move mun
bre support gas move par
eas move ion
edi support yor move lvp
gal move vie
gas move par
mar move bur
nat move nrg
nap move ion
nth move hol
par hold
por move spa
sil move mun
stp/nc move bar
ven hold
yor move lvp
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
England: army/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
par move pic
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bar move nwy
ber move kie
bre move pic
bul move rum
bur move bel
con move bul
eas move ion
edi hold
gal support sev move rum
gre hold
hol support ber move kie
nap move tys
nrg move nwy
par support bre move pic
pic move par
rum move bla
sev move rum
spa move mar
tri hold
ven move tyr
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove con
build Army mos
build Army rom
build Fleet sev
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move arm
bar move nwy
bla support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur move mun
edi hold
gal move vie
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie move ruh
lvp move yor
mar move bur
mos move war
nrg move nwy
par move pic
pic move bel
rom move tun via convoy
rum move ukr
ser support bul move rum
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
tyr support bur move mun
tys support aeg move ion
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
mun move ber
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
bar move nwy
ber support sil move mun
bla support arm move sev
bot move swe
bur move ruh
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie support sil move mun
mun support bur move ruh
nrg move nth
par move bur
pic move bel
rom move tun via convoy
rum support arm move sev
ser support rum
sev hold
sil move mun
smy move con
tri move vie
tun hold
tyr support tri move vie
tys convoy rom move tun
ukr move gal
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
ber support mun
bla convoy con move rum
bur move mun
con move rum via convoy
gal move ukr
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie move ruh
mos support gal move ukr
mun support kie move ruh
nth move den
nwy move nth
par move bur
pic move bel
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev support con move rum
sil support mun
stp/nc move bar
swe move den
tun move wes
tyr move vie
tys move wes
ven move tyr
vie move boh
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
bar move nrg
ber support mun
bla support sev
boh move sil
bud move gal
bur move mun
hol move nth
ion move tun
kie support mun
mos move war
mun support sil move boh
nth move hol
nwy support hol move nth
par move bur
rom move tun
rum support bud move gal
ser move bud
sil move boh
swe move den
tyr support bur move mun
tys convoy rom move tun
ukr move gal
vie move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Italy: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
nth move hel
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet hel
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet con
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet hel
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
ank move rum via convoy
ber support mun
bla convoy ank move rum
boh move sil
bud support gal
bur move mun
con move aeg
den move kie
edi move bel via convoy
hel move kie
ion move tun
kie move hol
mun hold
nth convoy edi move bel
nrg move nat
nwy move swe
par move pic
pic move bel
rom move ven
rum move ser
sev hold
sil support mun
smy move eas
tun move wes
tyr support bur move mun
tys move tun
ukr move mos
vie move boh
war support sil
yor hold
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ber support mun
boh support tyr move mun
bud support gal
bur support tyr move mun
den move kie
eas move aeg
edi move bel via convoy
gal support rum move ukr
gre move alb
hel move nth
hol support edi move bel
ion move tun
mos support war
mun support den move kie
nat move mid
nth convoy edi move bel
pic move bel
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
sil support mun
swe move den
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ven move tri
war support mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move ser
bel support hol
ber support mun
boh move sil
bud move gal
bur support pic move bel
den support kie move hel
gal move war
gre support aeg move ion
hel move nth
hol support bel
kie move hel
mid move bre
mos support war
mun hold
nth support kie move hel
par move pic
pic move bel
ser move bud
sev move mos
sil move gal
spa/sc move mid
tun move tys
tyr hold
ukr support sev move mos
war support mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
mos move stp
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
alb move ser
bel move pic
ber move pru
boh move sil
bre support bel move pic
bud move rum
bur move ruh
den move bal
gal move war
gre move ion
hel move hol
hol move ruh
ion move adr
mid move por
mos support gal move war
mun support sil
nth support yor move lon
par move bre
pic move bel
ser move bud
sil support mun
spa/sc move mid
stp move mos
tyr move mun
tys move nap
ukr support gal move war
war support stp move mos
yor move lon
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Russia: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
war move lvn
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
bal support lvn
bel move ruh
boh move sil
bre move mid
bur move mun
con move bul
hol move kie
ion move tun
lon move bel via convoy
lvn support stp move mos
mid move spa/nc
mun move boh
nap move tys
nth convoy lon move bel
pic move bre
por move spa/sc
pru support sil move war
rum move sev
sil move war
smy move aeg
stp move mos
tri move ven
tyr move mun
vie move boh
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Turkey: army/dislodged war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
war move gal
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
bal support pru move ber
bel move pic
bre support bel move pic
bur move ruh
hel move nth
kie support mun
lvn support mos
mid move spa/sc
mos support war
mun support ruh move bur
nth move eng
pic move bre
por move spa/sc
pru move ber
ruh move bur
sil support tyr move mun
tyr move mun
tys move gol
war support mos
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Russia: army pic
Italy: army/dislodged pic
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
pic move par
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Russia: army pic
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove mid
build Army stp
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Russia: army pic
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal move pru
ber move sil
bre support pic
bud move gal
bul move rum
bur support par move pic
eng move mid
gal move boh
ion move tun
kie support mun
lvn support war
gol move spa/sc
mos move ukr
mun support ber move sil
nth move bel
par move pic
pic support ruh move bur
por move spa/sc
ruh move bur
ser move bud
sev support ukr
sil support gal move war
stp move mos
tun move wes
tyr move mun
ukr support bud move gal
ven move pie
vie move boh
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Russia: army pic
Italy: army pie
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support pic
ber move sil
bre move mid
bur move mun
kie support mun
lvn move war
gol move spa/sc
mid move spa/sc
mos support war move ukr
mun support ber move sil
par move pic
pic support ruh move bur
pie move mar
por support mid move spa
pru support ber
ruh move bur
sil move ber
stp support mos
tyr move boh
vie move boh
war move ukr
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Russia: army pic
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
