PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move pru
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move bur
rom move tus
sev move rum
stp/sc move bot
ven support rom move tus
vie move boh
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bot move swe
bul move gre
bur support eng move bel
con move bul/sc
eng move bel
mid move por
rum support con move bul
smy move ank
spa hold
tri move adr
tus move pie
tys move gol
ukr hold
ven support tus move pie
war hold
yor hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
bel move hol
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul/sc move aeg
bur move gas
con move bul
gre support con move bul
lon move nth
gol hold
mar hold
mos move lvn
nth move nwy
pie hold
por move mid
rum hold
ser move alb
smy move eas
spa hold
stp/sc move bot
swe move bal
ukr support rum
ven hold
war hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr hold
aeg move ion
alb hold
bal support lvn move pru
boh hold
bot move bal
bul move ser
con move bul
eas move aeg
eng move lon
gal hold
gas move spa
gre support bul move ser
lvn move pru
mid convoy spa move naf
mar move pie
nth move den
spa move naf via convoy
ukr move gal
war support ukr move gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Germany: army/dislodged pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr hold
aeg move ion
alb hold
bal support pru move ber
boh hold
bot move swe
bul move ser
edi move nth
eng move mid
gal support war move sil
gre move alb
hol move kie
ion move tys
lvp move yor
gol support pie move mar
mid move wes
mar move gol
naf move tun
nwy move ska
pie move mar
pru move ber
ser move bud
smy move aeg
spa move mar
ven move rom
war move sil
yor move wal
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr hold
aeg move ion
bal support swe
ber hold
boh move vie
bud support ser move tri
gal move boh
hol move kie
ion move nap
lon move eng
gol support mar
mid move naf
mar hold
nth move ska
rom hold
ser move tri
sil move mun
ska move nwy
spa move mar
swe hold
tun hold
tys support ion move nap
wes move gol
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove adr
remove alb
build Army ank
build Army con
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
bal support ber move kie
ber move kie
boh move sil
bud move vie
con move bul
den support kie move hel
hol move kie
ion move tun
gol support mar move spa
mar move spa
mun move ruh
naf support tun
nap move rom
par move bre
rom hold
smy move aeg
spa move mar
stp move fin
tri support bud move vie
tun hold
tys support nap move rom
vie move tyr
war move pru
wes support tun
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
rom move ven
spa move gas
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support swe move den
bre move par
bul move ser
con move bul
den hold
eng move nth
fin move nwy
gas move mar
hol hold
ion move tun
gol move mar
naf move tun
nwy move swe
pru move sil
ruh support kie
sil move mun
ska support swe
spa hold
swe move den
tri move ven
tun move spa via convoy
tyr move vie
tys support ion move tun
ven hold
wal move bel
wes convoy tun move spa
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
remove naf
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
remove tyr
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bal support den
den move swe
gas move spa
gre move tus via convoy
ion convoy gre move tus
kie support ruh move hol
gol move spa/sc
mun move ruh
nwy support den move swe
par move bur
ruh move hol
sil move ber
ska move nwy
smy move aeg
spa move por
stp/sc move bot
tri move ven
tun move wes
tys convoy gre move tus
ven hold
vie move tyr
war move pru
wes support gas move spa
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
England: fleet/dislodged hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bal support den
ber move mun
bot move swe
bur support gas move mar
gas move mar
hol support ruh move bel
kie support den
gol move mar
nwy support bot move swe
por hold
pru move ber
ruh move bel
tri move ven
tun move wes
tus support tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys support tun move wes
ven move rom
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove gol
build Army mos
build Army smy
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
bal move swe
bel support hol
ber support mun
bre move mid
bul move ser
bur hold
con move bul
den support swe move ska
kie support den
mar support spa/sc
nwy hold
por move spa
ser move tri
spa/sc hold
stp/sc move bot
swe move ska
tus support ven move pie
tyr support ven move pie
tys support wes move gol
ven move pie
war move sil
wes move gol
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel support mun move bur
ber move kie
bot move swe
bur support mar
den support ska move nth
hol support bel
kie move ruh
gol support pie move mar
mid move por
mar hold
mun move bur
pie move mar
por move spa
rom move tys
sil support mun
ska move nth
spa/sc support mid move por
swe move ska
tus support tyr move pie
tyr move pie
tys move wes
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bur move par
mar move gas
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move spa
ank move con
bel move pic
bul move gre
con move bul
den move ska
gas support spa/sc
hol move bel
ion convoy smy move spa
kie move hol
gol convoy smy move spa
mar support smy move spa
mos move war
nth move nrg
par hold
por support spa/sc
ruh support bur
sil move mun
ska move nth
smy move spa via convoy
spa/sc hold
swe move den
tri move ven
tys convoy smy move spa
wes support smy move spa
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pic
Turkey: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel hold
bur support pic move par
den move hel
gas support par
gre move spa via convoy
ion convoy gre move spa
gol support gre move spa
mar move gas
mun move ruh
nth convoy hol move lon
nrg convoy nwy move edi
par hold
pic move par
pie support mar
por move mid
ruh move hol
ska support nth
spa/sc hold
tys convoy gre move spa
war move sil
wes convoy gre move spa
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
France: supply spa
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
par move bre
spa/sc move por
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove gas
remove por
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move lon via convoy
bre hold
bur move pic
hel support nth
hol hold
mid move por
mar move gas
mun move ruh
nth convoy bel move lon
nrg convoy nwy move edi
nwy move edi via convoy
pie move mar
ruh move bur
sil move mun
spa move por
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bre move por via convoy
bur support par
edi move yor
gas move bre
lon move wal
mid convoy bre move por
nth support edi move yor
nrg move edi
par support gas move bre
pic support gas move bre
spa move por
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
England: army/dislodged yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Army war
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
bur move ruh
edi move nrg
hel move nth
lon move wal
gol move wes
mid move por
mar move spa
mos move lvn
nth move eng
ruh move bel
ska move nwy
spa move por
stp/sc move bot
tys support gol move wes
war move sil
wes move mid
yor move lvp
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move ruh
bot move swe
eng support lvp move wal
hol move kie
lon support lvp move wal
lvn move war
lvp move wal
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
mun move tyr
nth support lon
nrg move nat
nwy move nrg
par hold
pic hold
ruh move mun
rum hold
sil move boh
spa move gas
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army wal
England: army/dislodged wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
boh support mun move tyr
eng move iri
kie move ruh
lon move bel
mid support spa/sc move por
mar move spa
mun move tyr
nth move eng
nrg support nat
par hold
pic support par
por move mid
ruh move bur
rum move bla
spa/sc move por
swe move ska
tyr move pie
tys move wes
wal move lvp
war move gal
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
Russia: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move apu
ank move con
boh support tyr
bul move ser
con move bul
eng support iri
gas move mar
ion convoy smy move apu
nrg support nat
pic support par
ruh support bur
ser move tri
ska move nth
smy move apu via convoy
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
Russia: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
Russia: army pic
Russia: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
