PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move sil
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
arm move sev
bot move swe
bud move rum
bul hold
hol support pic move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move por
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg support yor move nwy
pic move bel
ser support bud move rum
sev support ukr move rum
sil move war
stp move nwy
tyr move mun
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Fleet tri
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank support con move bla
arm move sev
bel support par move bur
bre move mid
bud move gal
bul move gre
con move bla
edi move nth
gre support ser move bul
mar move gol
mun move ber
nth move hol
nrg support nwy
par move bur
por move spa/sc
rom move nap
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move rum
spa move mar
stp hold
swe hold
tri hold
tun move ion
tyr move mun
ukr move mos
ven move tyr
vie support tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bul move con
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
arm move smy
bel support bur move ruh
ber support mun move kie
bla support con move bul
bul support rum
bur move ruh
con move bul
edi move nth
gal move ukr
gre move aeg
mid move iri
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun move kie
nap move tys
nth move eng
nrg move nat
rum support bul
sev move rum
spa/sc move mid
stp move fin
swe move den
tri hold
vie move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bul move ser
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bel support ruh move hol
ber move sil
bla support bul
bud support ser move rum
bul hold
bur move pic
con support bul
eng move iri
fin move nwy
gal support rum move ukr
ion support aeg move eas
iri move nat
kie support tyr move mun
mid support iri move nat
mos move ukr
nat support eng move iri
nth move eng
nwy move stp
rom move ven
ruh move hol
rum move ukr
ser move rum
sev support bla move rum
swe support fin move nwy
tri move alb
tyr move mun
ven move tyr
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
England: fleet/dislodged nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
nat move nrg
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bel support hol
bla support bul move rum
bud support rum
bul move rum
con move bul/sc
eng move bel
gal support ukr move war
gre move bul/sc
hol support bel
ion move tys
iri move mid
gol move spa/sc
mid move iri
mos support sev
mun move bur
nat move cly
nrg move nwy
nwy hold
pic move bre
rum support ion move bul
sev support bul move rum
sil move war
smy move ank
stp support nrg move nwy
swe support nwy
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr move war
ven move pie
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move ukr
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mar
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ion
ank move con
bel move bur
bla support rum
bre move par
bud move rum
bur move mar
cly move nat
con move aeg
eng move mid
gal support bud move rum
gre move bul/sc
hol move kie
iri move lvp
mid move wes
mar support bel move bur
mos move war
mun move bur
nrg move edi
nwy support swe
pie support bur move mar
rum support sev
sev support rum
sil move ber
smy support con move aeg
spa/sc support mid move wes
stp support mos
swe support nwy
tys move ion
ukr move mos
war support ukr move mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
Italy: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
mar move gas
mos move lvn
wes move gol
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support bul/sc move gre
bel move ruh
ber move kie
bla support con move bul
bud move rum
bul/sc move gre
con move bul
edi move nth
gal support bud move rum
gas support wes move spa
hol support bel move ruh
kie support mun move ruh
lvn move mos
lvp move iri
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
mar hold
mos support war
mun move ruh
nat move iri
nwy move swe
par move bur
pie support mar
rum support con move bul
sev support rum
smy move aeg
spa/sc move por
stp support lvn move mos
swe move nwy
tys move tun
war support mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove lvn
remove nat
build Fleet nap
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion move gre
alb support gre
bel move bur
ber support kie
bla support rum
bud move rum
bul support ion move gre
bur move mar
gal support bud move rum
gas support bur move mar
gre support alb
ion move gre
kie hold
lvp move iri
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
mos move sev
mun hold
nth move ska
nwy move fin
pie support mar
rum hold
sev hold
spa/sc move por
stp move fin
swe move nwy
war move ukr
wes move gol
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support nap move ion
bel move pic
ber move mun
bla support rum move sev
bud move rum
bul move ser
bur move mar
gal support bud move rum
gas support bur move mar
gre support aeg move ion
iri move eng
kie support ska move den
gol support mar
mid move por
mos support ukr move sev
mun move ruh
nap move ion
nwy move swe
pie support mar
rum move sev
sev hold
ska support kie move den
spa/sc move por
stp move mos
swe move bal
tun move wes
ukr move sev
vie move boh
wes move gol
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: fleet/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army con
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
alb move tri
bal support swe move den
bla support sev move rum
boh move vie
bur move mar
con move bul
eng move bel
gal move bud
gas support bur move mar
gre hold
hol move bel
kie support ruh move hol
gol support mar move spa
mid move bre
mar move spa
mos support ukr move sev
pic move bre
pie move mar
ruh move hol
rum support mos move sev
ser support sev move rum
sev move rum
ska move nwy
smy move eas
spa/sc support bur move mar
stp support ska move nwy
swe move den
tun move wes
ukr move sev
wes move gol
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bla support rum move sev
bud support gal move rum
bul move rum
eas move aeg
eng move bel
gal move rum
gas support mar
gre move ion
hol move bel
kie move hol
gol support tun move wes
mid move spa/nc
mos support sev
mun move boh
nap move apu
pic move bel
pie move tyr
rum move sev
ser support bul move rum
sev support gal move rum
spa/sc move por
stp move mos
tri move alb
tun move wes
vie support bud
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Austria: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
sev move arm
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet lon
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move ion
apu move adr
arm hold
bal support den move kie
bla support bul move rum
boh move vie
bre support por move mid
bud move gal
bul move rum
den move kie
eng support lon move nth
gal move war
gas move bur
gre support ion move alb
hol move bel
ion move alb
kie move ruh
lon move nth
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
nwy move swe
pic move bel
por move mid
rom move tys
ser support bul move rum
sev move mos
stp support sev move mos
tyr support boh move vie
tys move tun
vie support bud move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Austria: fleet/dislodged alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Austria: army/dislodged mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb disband
mid move nat
mos move ukr
vie move tri
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
alb move ion
bal move den
bla move sev
bur support pic move bel
con move bul/ec
eng move iri
gre move aeg
hol support nth move bel
kie move ber
mid move por
mar support mid move spa
mos support bla move sev
nat support eng move iri
nth move bel
pic move bel
rom move nap
ruh support tyr move mun
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
stp support mos
tyr move mun
tys move nap
vie support rum move bud
wes move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet lon
build Army smy
remove tri
remove tys
build Army ven
remove war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg convoy con move bul
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud support ser move rum
bul/ec move con
con move bul via convoy
den support ber move kie
hol move kie
iri support nat move mid
lon move eng
mar support por move spa
mos move war
mun support hol move kie
nat move mid
nth support lon move eng
pic move bre
por move spa/sc
ser move rum
sev support ser move rum
smy hold
stp move lvn
tun move tys
ven move pie
vie support adr move tri
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Italy: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
spa/sc move gol
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move gre
ber move kie
bud support bul move ser
bul move ser
bur move mar
con move bul/sc
den support ber move kie
eng support iri move mid
gal support ukr move war
hol support ruh move kie
ion move tun
iri move mid
lvn move mos
gol support pie move mar
mid move gas
mar move spa
mun support ruh move kie
nth support swe move den
pie move mar
rom move tys
ruh move kie
rum support bud
sev move bla
smy move gre via convoy
spa/sc move por
swe move den
tys move wes
ukr move war
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Austria: army war
Turkey: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move bal
war move lvn
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
build Fleet con
build Army edi
remove gal
build Fleet lon
remove war
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber hold
bla move ank
bud support rum move gal
bul/sc move aeg
bur support pic move bel
con move smy
den move hel
edi move den via convoy
eng move bre
gas support eng move bre
gre move alb
hol move bel
kie move ber
lon move eng
lvn move war
gol support wes move spa
mid support eng move bre
mar support wes move spa
mos move sev
mun support kie move ber
nth convoy edi move den
pic move bel
por support spa
rum move gal
ser support gre move alb
tun support aeg move ion
tys move tun
vie move boh
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Russia: army/dislodged ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move pru
bre move pic
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move tri
ank move bla
boh move mun
bre support mid
bud support gal move vie
bur move mar
den move kie
eng support bre
gal move vie
gas support spa
hel support nth move hol
ion support tun
gol support wes move spa
mid support spa
mun move ruh
nth move hol
pic move bre
por support spa
pru move ber
ser support alb move tri
sev move mos
smy move aeg
spa support bur move mar
tun hold
tys move tun
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Italy: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: fleet/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri move adr
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove arm
build Fleet con
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
remove gol
remove pic
remove pru
build Fleet smy
remove wes
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move ion
ank move smy
ber support ruh move kie
bla hold
bre move mid
bud move tri
bur support spa move gas
con move bul/sc
edi move lvp
eng convoy lon move pic
gas support bre move mid
gre support aeg move ion
hel support kie
hol support kie
ion move tys
lon move pic via convoy
lvp move iri
mid move wes
mos move lvn
mun support ruh move kie
por move spa/sc
ruh move kie
ser move alb
smy move aeg
spa move gas
tri move ven
tun support ion move tys
tys move nap
vie support bud move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
England: fleet/dislodged gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
gas move bre
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg convoy smy move nap
alb move ser
bel move bur
bre move gas
bud move vie
bul/sc move gre
bur move par
eng support hol move bel
gas move spa
gre move alb
hel move hol
hol move bel
ion convoy smy move nap
iri move mid
lvn move pru
lvp move wal
mid move spa/nc
mar move pie
mun move tyr
nap move rom
pic move par
ruh move mun
smy move nap via convoy
spa/sc move por
tri support vie move tyr
tun support ion
tys support smy move nap
vie move tyr
wes support mid move spa
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove ber
build Army con
build Army edi
build Army lon
remove por
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move apu
alb move adr
bel support hol
bla hold
bre move mid
bur move par
con move apu via convoy
edi move yor
eng convoy wal move bre
gas move mar
gre hold
hol support kie
ion convoy con move apu
kie support pru move ber
mid move spa/sc
nap move rom
pic support wal move bre
pru move ber
ser move rum
sil move mun
spa/nc move por
tri support tyr
tyr support sil move mun
tys support nap move rom
vie move boh
wal move bre via convoy
wes move gol
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Italy: fleet/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support apu move ven
aeg move ion
apu move ven
boh move gal
bre support pic move par
ion move nap
gol move mar
pic move par
rom support apu move ven
rum move sev
spa/sc support gol move mar
tri support apu move ven
tyr support mun
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army/dislodged mar
England: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
England: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
mar move gas
par move bur
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bur
build Army con
build Fleet edi
remove gas
build Fleet lvp
remove pie
remove ruh
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move sev via convoy
bel move eng
bla convoy ank move sev
bre move gas
con move bul
edi move nth
eng move mid
gal move war
gre move ion
ion move tys
lvp move iri
mid move naf
nap support ion move tys
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move mos
smy move aeg
tun move wes
tyr support mun
tys move gol
ven move pie
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
England: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
