PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move bla
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla move rum
bot move swe
bur move bel
con move aeg
eng move mid
hol support yor move bel
kie move den
mid move eng
nth convoy yor move bel
pie move mar
ruh move mun
ser support alb move gre
smy move con
spa hold
stp move nwy
tri hold
tys move tun
ukr support bla move rum
ven move pie
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lvp
build Army mos
build Fleet rom
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move pic
ber move kie
bud move ser
bur move mar
con support bul
den move nwy
eng move bre
gre move aeg
hol move hel
kie move den
lvp move iri
mid move bre
mar support mun move bur
mos move lvn
mun move bur
nth support den move nwy
nwy support swe
pie support mar
rom move tys
rum move bla
ser move gre
sev move arm
smy move aeg
spa support bur move mar
swe support nwy
tri move alb
tun move wes
ukr move rum
ven hold
vie move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move par
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support gre
arm move ank
ber move mun
bla support arm move ank
bud move ser
bul support con
bur move par
con support bul
den move nwy
eng move bre
gre support ser move bul
hel move kie
ion support smy move aeg
iri move mid
kie move bal
lvn move pru
mid move por
mar move spa
nth support den move nwy
nwy support swe
par move bre
pic support bur move par
pie move mar
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sil move mun
smy move aeg
spa move mar
swe support nwy
tri move tyr
tys move tun
ven move rom
wes support mar move spa
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
spa move gas
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove ion
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet sev
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con
alb move ser
ank support bla move con
bal move bot
ber support mun move sil
bla move con
bul support ser move rum
con hold
den move nwy
eng move bre
gas move spa
gre support bul
kie support ber
mid support eng move bre
mar support spa
mun move sil
nap move apu
nth support den move nwy
nwy move swe
par support eng move bre
pic support eng move bre
por support gas move spa
pru support sil move ber
rom move ven
ser move rum
sev move bla
sil move ber
spa hold
swe move ska
tun move ion
tyr move vie
vie move bud
wes move gol
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move ukr
sil move war
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move smy
apu move ion
ber move pru
bla support sev move rum
bot move stp/sc
bre hold
bud support rum
bul support aeg move con
con move smy
den move nwy
gas move par
gre support bul
ion move tys
kie move den
gol move spa/sc
mid support por move spa
mar support gol move spa
nth support swe move den
par hold
pic move bur
por move spa/sc
pru move war
ser support rum
sev move rum
sil support ber move pru
ska support swe move den
spa move por
swe move den
ukr support sev move rum
ven hold
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove den
remove gas
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move smy
ber move sil
bla support sev move rum
bre hold
bud move gal
bul support rum
bur move ruh
con move smy
gal support war
gre support bul
ion move tun
kie move den
lon move nth
gol support spa
mid support por move spa
mar support spa
nth move hel
par move pic
por move spa/sc
pru move lvn
rum support bud move gal
ser support rum
sev move rum
sil move pru
ska move den
spa hold
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
tys move wes
ukr support gal
ven hold
vie support bud move gal
war hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move smy
bla support sev move rum
bot move swe
bre support mid
bud move gal
bul support aeg move con
con move smy
gal support war
gre support bul
hel move den
kie move den
lvn support sil move war
gol move spa/sc
mid support por
mar support gol move spa
nth move hol
pic move bel
por support mid
pru support sil move war
ruh move bel
rum support bud move gal
ser support rum
sev move rum
sil move war
ska move swe
spa move gas
tri move bud
tun move ion
ukr move mos
ven hold
vie support bud move gal
war hold
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move boh
war move ukr
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
remove ukr
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank support bla move con
bla move con
boh move mun
bot support lvn move stp
bre support mid
bud support ser move rum
bul support ser move rum
con move smy
gal support rum move ukr
gas move bre
gre support bul
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
ion move tys
kie hold
lon move nth
lvn move stp
mid support bre
mar support spa/sc
mos move stp
pic support gas move bre
por support mid
pru move ber
ruh move bel
rum move ukr
ser move rum
sev move rum
ska move swe
spa/sc support wes move mid
ven hold
vie move boh
war move mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
England: fleet/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move eng
kie move bal
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
ank support con
bal support bot move swe
bel move pic
ber move mun
boh support ber move mun
bot move swe
bre support pic
bud move tri
bul move con
con support ank
eng support mid move bre
gal move ukr
gre hold
hel support kie
kie support mun move ber
mid move bre
mar support spa/sc
mos support sev
mun move ber
nth move den
por move spa/sc
rum support ukr move sev
sev hold
smy support bul move con
spa/sc move mid
stp move nwy
swe move nwy
tys move wes
ukr move sev
ven move tyr
war move mos
wes move naf
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army/dislodged bre
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Russia: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: fleet/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move gas
con disband
sev move bla
swe move ska
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
remove bla
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
remove smy
remove tyr
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move smy
ank move smy
bel support bre move pic
ber move pru
boh move sil
bre move pic
bud move gal
con move smy
den move bal
eng move iri
gas move bre
gre support rum move bul
hel move den
kie support mun move ber
lon move eng
lvp move nat
mid support gas move bre
mar support wes move spa
mos hold
mun move ber
naf support mid
pic support gas move bre
rum move bul
sev move mos
ska move nwy
spa/sc move por
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move tyr
ukr support sev move mos
vie move boh
war move lvn
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army/dislodged pic
England: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
mos move stp
pic move par
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move con
bal support den move swe
bel move bur
ber hold
boh move mun
bre support par
bul move con
den move swe
eng support nat move mid
gal support ukr move war
gre hold
iri support nat move mid
kie support ber
lvn move stp
mid move por
mar move bur
mos support lvn move stp
naf move mid
nat move mid
nwy support swe
par support bre
pic move bre
por support nat move mid
pru move ber
sil support pru move ber
ska support stp move nwy
smy support bul move con
spa/sc support mid move por
stp move nwy
swe support nwy
tyr support boh move mun
ukr move war
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Germany: army/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move fin
swe move bot
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove ank
build Army bud
remove ion
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Army tri
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bal support ber
bel move bur
ber hold
bre support par
bud move gal
con move bul
eng support mid move bre
gal move war
gre hold
iri move mid
kie support ber
mid move bre
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun move ruh
naf move mid
nap move ion
nwy move stp
par support bre
pic support mid move bre
por support naf move mid
pru move ber
rom move tys
sil support pru move ber
ska move nth
smy move ank
spa/sc support naf move mid
swe move den
tri hold
tyr move mun
ven hold
vie move boh
war move lvn
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army/dislodged bre
England: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bre move gas
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
bal support ber
bel support nth move hol
ber hold
boh move mun
bre support eng
bul move gre
den support kie
eng support bre
gal move war
gas move bre
gre move aeg
ion move tun
iri move nat
kie support ber
lvn support mos move stp
mid move nat
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nth move hol
nwy move stp
par support gas move bre
pic support bre
por move mid
pru move ber
ruh move bel
sil support war move pru
spa/sc support por move mid
tri hold
tys move wes
ven hold
war move pru
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove tun
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg hold
ank move smy
bal support ber
bel support pic
ber hold
boh move sil
bre support pic
bud move tri
bur move par
den support kie
eng support bre
gas support bur move par
gre move alb
hol support bel
iri move mid
kie support ber
lvn move stp
mid move iri
mun support sil move ber
nwy hold
par support gas move bre
pic support bre
por support wes move mid
pru support sil move ber
ruh move kie
sil move ber
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp move fin
tri move tyr
ven hold
vie move boh
war move lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb hold
bal support kie
bel move ruh
ber hold
boh move mun
bre hold
den support kie
eng support bre
fin support stp move nwy
gas move bre
hol support kie
iri move nat
kie support hol
lvn move stp
mid move nat
mun move bur
nwy move swe
par support gas move bre
pic support bre
por move mid
pru move lvn
ruh support mun move bur
sil support ber
smy hold
spa/sc support por move mid
stp move nwy
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ven hold
wes support por move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ven move rom
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
