PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bud move ser
con move bul
mos move ukr
nap move ion
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move ven
ven move tri
vie move tyr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu support ven
bla support bul move rum
bot move swe
bul move rum
con move bul
ion move gre
rum hold
ser support bul move rum
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ukr support rum
ven hold
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet nap
build Fleet sev
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu support ven
bla convoy con move arm
bud move vie
bul support ser move gre
con move arm
gal move vie
gre move aeg
nap move ion
rum hold
ser move gre
smy move aeg
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ukr support war move gal
ven hold
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Italy: fleet/dislodged gre
Italy: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gre move alb
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
apu move ven
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bud move vie
bul support gre
gal move rum
gre hold
ion move tun
rum support arm move sev
sev support gal move rum
smy move aeg
swe move nwy
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ukr support gal move rum
ven move pie
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move ser
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army mos
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
apu move ven
bla support sev
bul move rum
con move bul
gal support rum
gre move alb
mos support ukr move sev
nwy move swe
pie support apu move ven
rum support ukr move sev
ser support bul move rum
sev hold
tri support tyr move ven
tun move ion
tyr move ven
ukr move sev
vie move bud
war support gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
bla support sev
bud hold
bul move rum
con move ank
gal support rum move bud
gre move alb
pie move tyr
rum move bud
ser support bul move rum
sev hold
swe move den
tri support alb
tun move ion
tyr move vie
ukr support mos
ven support pie move tyr
war move pru
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support ven move tri
ank move arm
bla support sev
bud move vie
con move bul
gal support bud move vie
rum hold
ser support rum
sev hold
tun move ion
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
arm support sev
bla support sev
bul support aeg move gre
den move kie
gal support vie
gre move alb
pru move ber
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev hold
sil support pru move ber
ukr move war
vie hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ion
arm move sev
ber move kie
bla support bul move rum
bud hold
bul move rum
con move bul
den support ber move kie
gal support vie
gre hold
mos move ukr
ser support bud
sev move ukr
sil move mun
smy move aeg
stp move mos
tri hold
tun move wes
tyr support tri
war support gal
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bla support bul
bud support ser move tri
bul hold
den support kie
gre support aeg move ion
ion move tun
kie support sil move mun
rum move gal
ser move tri
sev move ukr
sil move mun
tri hold
tyr support tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Army ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud support rum move gal
bul hold
den move nth
gal move boh
gre support ion
ion hold
kie support mun
mos support war
nap move ion
rum move gal
ser move tri
sev move mos
spa/sc move mid
stp support mos
tri support tyr
tun move tys
tyr support tri
ukr support sev move mos
ven move pie
war support mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla hold
boh move gal
bud move vie
bul move rum
gal move war
gre hold
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
mun move ruh
nap move ion
nth move edi
pie support tyr
ser move tri
sev move mos
stp support mos
tri support tyr
tyr support tri
tys move tun
ukr support gal move war
vie support boh move gal
war support mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
war move lvn
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
bla convoy con move rum
bud support rum move gal
con move rum
gal move war
gre support ion
hol move bel
ion hold
lvn support gal move war
mos support lvn move war
nap move ion
nth move edi
por move spa/sc
rom move tys
ruh move bur
rum move gal
ser move tri
sev move mos
stp support mos
tri move alb
tyr move tri
tys move tun
ukr support sev move mos
war support sev move mos
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Turkey: army/dislodged war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
war move sil
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
alb support tyr move tri
bla hold
bud move vie
bur move par
gal support bud move vie
gre support ion
ion hold
lvn support war
mos support war
nap support tys move ion
nth move edi
pie move mar
rum move ser
ser move tri
sev move mos
sil move ber
spa/sc support pie move mar
stp support mos
tun support tys move ion
tyr move tri
tys move ion
ukr support sev move mos
vie move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Turkey: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
ion move aeg
vie move boh
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army ven
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb support ven move tri
ber move kie
con move bul
gal move war
gre hold
ion hold
lvn support war
mar move gas
mos move ukr
nap support ion
rum move bud
ser support vie move tri
sev move mos
spa/sc move mid
stp move fin
tri move bud
tun move wes
ukr support sev move mos
ven move tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Turkey: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move stp
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Turkey: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support ven move tri
bel move hol
boh move gal
bur move mar
fin move swe
gas move bre
ion move eas
lvn support stp move mos
mid support gas move bre
nap move ion
stp move mos
tri move bud
ven move tri
war support mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: supply bel
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: army bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Turkey: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Russia: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: supply bel
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: supply bel
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
boh move vie
bre move pic
bud move vie
eas support ion
hol move kie
ion support eas
lvn support stp move mos
mid move eng
nth move edi
spa/sc move mar
stp move mos
swe move fin
tri support bud move vie
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: supply bel
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Turkey: army/dislodged mos
Turkey: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Turkey: army/dislodged vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: supply bel
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support tri move ser
boh move gal
eas support ion move aeg
eng support pic move bel
hol move kie
ion move aeg
lvn support war
nth move edi
pic move bel
tri move ser
vie support tri move bud
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Army stp
build Army ven
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
alb move gre
bel move wal via convoy
boh move mun
eas move smy
eng convoy bel move wal
fin move swe
hol move bel
lvn support mos move war
mar move spa
mos move war
nap move tys
nth move lon
rom move ven
ser support alb move gre
stp move mos
ven move pie
war move sil
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gre
Turkey: fleet/dislodged gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
eng support wal move lon
gre move bul
lvn support war
mar move bur
mos move sev
nth support bel
pie move mar
ser support gre move bul
sil move ber
smy move con
spa/sc support pie move mar
swe move den
tys move gol
ven move tyr
vie move boh
wal move lon
war move gal
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
Italy: army lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Army nap
build Army rom
build Army stp
build Army ven
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
ber move kie
boh move sil
bul move rum
bur move gas
con move ank
den move kie
eng move iri
gre move aeg
lon move yor
lvn move pru
gol move mar
mar move gas
mos support sev move ukr
mun move bur
nap move rom
nth move eng
rom move ven
ser support bul move rum
sev move ukr
spa/sc move mid
stp support mos
tyr move boh
ven move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Turkey: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pic
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Turkey: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pic
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ber move sil
boh support sil move mun
bur move gas
den move kie
eng move bre
iri support yor move lvp
gol move mar
mid support mar move gas
mar move gas
mos move ukr
mun support ber move sil
pic support eng move bre
pru support war
rom move tus
rum move sev
ser move bud
sil move mun
stp move lvn
tri move vie
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
yor move lvp
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Italy: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: army lvp
England: army/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pic
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Italy: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pic
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
