PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move ven
ven move tri
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move tun
bla support con move bul
bot move swe
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul
eng support bur move bel
hol hold
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move den
nth move nwy
nrg move bar
ruh move mun
rum support ukr move sev
spa hold
ukr move sev
ven hold
vie move bud
wal move lon
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bar move stp/nc
ber move bal
bla support con move bul
bud move rum
bul move ser
con move bul
den support nwy move swe
edi move nth
gal move boh
gre support bul move ser
ion move eas
kie move ruh
lon hold
mun hold
nap move ion
nwy move swe
rum support sev
ser support bud move rum
sev support rum
smy move aeg
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move alb
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser move tri
swe move bot
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb support tun move gre
bal support den move swe
bel hold
bla move con
boh support war move gal
bot move swe
bud support tri move ser
bul support ser
den move swe
eas move smy
eng support bel
gre support ser
ion convoy tun move gre
lon hold
mar move gol
mun move boh
nth support swe move nwy
nwy support bot move swe
par move bur
ruh hold
rum support sev
ser hold
sev support rum
spa move por
stp/nc hold
swe move nwy
tri move ser
tun move gre
vie support mun move boh
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: army/dislodged boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
boh move sil
nwy move fin
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ber
build Army lvp
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
remove sev
remove sil
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal move swe
bel hold
ber move pru
boh move sil
bot support fin move stp
bud support tri move ser
bul move gre
bur hold
con move bul/sc
eas move syr
eng support bel
fin move stp
gal move boh
gre support tri move ser
ion support gre
gol move wes
mar move gol
nap move tys
nth move eng
nwy support stp/nc
por move spa
ruh move mun
ser support bul move gre
smy move eas
stp/nc hold
swe move den
tri move ser
ven move pie
vie move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move alb
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb support bul move gre
bel hold
boh move vie
bot convoy fin move lvn
bud move vie
bul move gre
bur move mar
con move bul/sc
den support swe
eas move ion
eng support bel
fin move lvn
gal move war
ion support gre
lon move bel
lvp move wal
gol support bur move mar
mun hold
nth support lon move bel
nwy support stp/nc
pie move mar
pru move lvn
sil move boh
stp/nc hold
syr move smy
tys move tun
wes convoy spa move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move nap
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet rom
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc move con
bel hold
bot support fin move stp
bul/sc move con
bud move rum
den move swe
eng support bel
fin move stp
gre move bul
hol support lon move bel
ion move gre
lon move bel
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mun move ruh
nap move ion
nth support lon move bel
nwy support stp/nc
pie move mar
pru move lvn
rom move tys
ser support bud move rum
sil move mun
stp/nc hold
swe move bot
tri move alb
vie move bud
wal move lon
war move mos
wes convoy spa move naf
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
pie move ven
rum move sev
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb move gre
bel hold
bot convoy fin move lvn
bud move rum
bul support gre
con support aeg move smy
den move kie
eng move mid
fin move lvn
gre support bul
hol support ruh move bel
lvn hold
gol move tys
mos support rum move sev
nth move nrg
nwy support stp/nc
pie hold
ruh move bel
rum move sev
ser support alb move gre
sev move rum
stp/nc hold
swe hold
tun move wes
tys support tun move wes
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: fleet/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Italy: fleet/dislodged smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
sev move bla
smy disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
remove bla
remove bot
build Army bud
remove fin
remove spa
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move arm
bel hold
ber move kie
bud move gal
bul hold
con move bla
gre support bul
hol move nth
ion move tun
kie move mun
lvn move pru
gol move tys
mid move eng
mos hold
mun move bur
nrg move nat
nwy move nth
pic hold
pie move ven
rum move bul
ser support alb move gre
sev move arm
smy move aeg
tri hold
tun move naf
tys support ion move tun
vie move bud
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Turkey: fleet/dislodged gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre move ion
tys move nap
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion move gre
ank move arm
bel move pic
bla move rum
bud move rum
bul move ser
bur move par
eng support pic move bel
gal move war
gre support ser move bul
hol hold
ion move gre
kie hold
lon hold
mos hold
mun move bur
naf support tun
nat move mid
nap move rom
nwy move nrg
pic move bel
pie move ven
rum move sev
ser move bul
sev move arm
swe hold
tun hold
tys move tun
wal support lon
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army/dislodged gre
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move ruh
gre move alb
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move gre
ank move arm
bel move hol
bla support bul
bud move gal
bul hold
bur move gas
eng move nth
gre hold
hol support ruh move bel
kie move ruh
lon move bel
mid move por
mos move sev
nrg move nat
par move bre
pie move tus
rom move tys
ruh move bel
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
tri move ser
tun support rom move tys
tys move rom
war move mos
wes move gol
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
tys move ion
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move gre
ank move arm
bel support hol
bla support bul
bre hold
bul hold
gal support rum
gas move par
gre hold
hol support bel
ion move adr
gol move pie
mos move sev
naf move wes
nat move mid
nth move eng
pic hold
por move spa/nc
pru move sil
ruh move bur
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
swe move den
tri hold
tun move ion
tus move rom
tys move rom
war hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove eng
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lvp
remove pic
remove pie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tus move ven
aeg support gre
alb move gre
ank move arm
bel move ruh
ber hold
bla support bul
bul hold
bur move mar
den hold
gal support rum
gre hold
hol move nth
ion move nap
kie move hol
lvp move iri
mid move naf
mos move sev
par move bur
rum move bul
ser support alb move gre
sev move arm
sil move mun
spa/nc move por
tri hold
tus move ven
tys move tus
ven support tys move tus
war hold
wes move tun
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ven move pie
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg support gre
alb support tri
ank move arm
ber move sil
bla support bul
bre move gas
bul hold
bur move mar
gal move war
gre hold
iri move eng
mar move pie
mun move tyr
naf move wes
nap move apu
ruh move mun
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
tri hold
tus move rom
ven move tri
wal move yor
war move lvn
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet lvp
remove ven
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move ion
alb move ser
ank move arm
apu support pie move ven
bla move con
bul hold
bur move mar
eng move mid
gre support bul
lon move wal
lvn support mos move stp
lvp move iri
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun move boh
pie move ven
por move spa/sc
rom move tys
rum move gal
ser move rum
stp/nc hold
tri hold
tyr support mar move pie
war hold
wes move tun
yor move lvp
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
stp/nc move nwy
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr hold
apu support ven
arm move ank
boh move vie
bul hold
con move aeg
den move nth
gal move vie
gas move spa
gre support bul
ion move nap
iri convoy wal move spa
lvn move stp
mid convoy wal move spa
mar support gas move spa
nth move edi
nwy hold
pie support tyr move ven
rum support ser
ser support tri
sev support rum
sil move boh
spa/sc move wes
stp move fin
tri support gal move vie
tun hold
tyr move ven
tys move nap
wal move spa
war support gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
remove tun
remove wes
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move smy
apu move nap
ber move pru
boh move vie
bud move gal
edi hold
fin move nwy
gre support aeg move ion
hol move nth
ion move tun
iri move eng
kie move den
lvp move edi
mid move bre
mar move pie
mun move bur
nth move lon
nwy move swe
pie move tus
rum support sev
ser support tri
sev support rum
sil move gal
spa move por
stp support fin move nwy
tri support vie
tyr move tri
tys move tun
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tri
wal move lon
war support bud move gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: army por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
boh move gal
bur move pic
den hold
eng move bel
gal move boh
gre support aeg move ion
hol move bel
ion move tun
lvp move edi
nap move apu
nth move lon
pie move ven
pru support sil move war
rum support gal
ser move bud
sev move mos
sil move war
stp move fin
swe hold
tri hold
tus support pie move ven
tyr support pie move ven
tys move tun
ven move rom
vie support gal move boh
wal move lon
war hold
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army/dislodged boh
England: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
boh move mun
war move lvn
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
remove tys
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move ion
apu support rom move nap
ber move bal
boh support vie move tyr
bre move pic
bud support tri
bul move gre
eng move bel
fin move swe
gre move ion
hol move bel
ion move tys
lvn move war
lvp move edi
mos support lvn move war
mun move boh
nth move lon
nwy support fin move swe
pic move bre
por move spa
pru support war
rom move nap
rum move gal
smy move con
swe hold
tri support vie move tyr
tus move rom
tyr support mun move boh
ven support tyr
vie move tyr
wal move lon
war support pru
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
swe move ska
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu support nap
bal move swe
boh support vie move tyr
bre hold
bud support tri
con move bul
den hold
edi hold
eng move mid
gal move war
hol move bel
ion move tys
lvn support gal move war
lvp move edi
mos support gal move war
mun move boh
nap move apu
nth move eng
nwy support swe
pic move bre
pru support war
rom hold
ska move nth
spa move mar
swe support nwy
tri support vie move tyr
tyr support mun move boh
tys move tun
ven move tri
vie move tyr
wal move yor
war hold
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
war move sil
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove bre
remove nth
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bal move swe
bel move nth
boh support vie move tyr
bud move gal
den support bal move swe
edi hold
eng convoy pic move wal
gre move nap
ion convoy gre move nap
lvn move pru
lvp move edi
mid move por
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move boh
nwy support swe
pic move wal
pru support sil move war
sil move war
smy move aeg
swe support nwy
tri support vie move tyr
tun move wes
tyr hold
tys support gre move nap
ven move tri
vie move tyr
war support lvn move pru
yor support lvp move edi
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
Germany: fleet/dislodged edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Italy: army/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
edi move nrg
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy bul move apu
bal move swe
boh support gal move sil
bul move apu
den support bal move swe
edi hold
eng move bre
gal move sil
ion convoy bul move apu
lvn move pru
mun move boh
nap move rom
nth support nrg move edi
nrg move edi
nwy support swe
por support wes move spa/sc
pru move war
rom support ven
sil support pru move war
spa move por
stp support nwy
swe support nwy
tri support vie move tyr
tyr move tri
tys support nap move rom
ven support rom
vie move tyr
wal move lvp
war support gal move sil
wes move spa/sc
yor move wal
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army/dislodged edi
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army/dislodged spa
Germany: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army/dislodged tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
edi move yor
spa move gas
tyr move pie
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army con
remove por
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu support nap move rom
bal support den move swe
boh move sil
bre move mid
bud move gal
con move bul
den move swe
edi move yor
gal move boh
gas move spa
ion move tys
lvn move pru
lvp support edi move yor
mun move boh
nap move rom
nth support edi move yor
nwy support swe
pie move tyr
pru move war
rom support ven
sil move gal
smy move aeg
spa/sc move mid
stp move fin
swe support nwy
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys move gol
ven support rom
vie support tyr
wal move lvp
war support boh move sil
yor move lon
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Germany: army/dislodged rom
Germany: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
rom move tus
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu support rom
bal move den
boh support gal move sil
bre move mid
bud move gal
den move nth
fin support swe
gal move sil
gas support pie move mar
ion move tys
lon move bel
lvn support war
lvp hold
gol move spa/sc
mun move tyr
nth move eng
nwy support swe
pie move mar
pru move ber
rom hold
sil move boh
spa/sc move mid
swe support nwy
tri move ven
tus support ven
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ven move tri
vie support boh
wal move lon
war support gal move sil
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
sil move pru
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove gas
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
apu move rom
ber move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bre support eng move mid
eng move mid
gal support sil
ion move tun
lon hold
lvn move pru
lvp move wal
gol move spa/sc
mar hold
mun move boh
nth support yor move lon
pru move ber
rom move tus
sil support tyr move mun
smy move aeg
spa/sc move mid
tri move ven
tus support ven
tyr move mun
tys support rom move tus
ven support tus
vie move tyr
wal support lon
war support lvn move pru
wes support spa/sc move mid
yor move lon
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Germany: army/dislodged tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move ruh
tus move pie
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber support ruh move mun
boh support mun
bre support eng move mid
bul move gre
den move bal
eng move mid
fin support nwy
gal support sil
kie support ber
lon hold
lvp hold
gol move spa/sc
mar move spa
mun support pru move ber
nth move nrg
nwy support swe
pie move tus
pru move ber
rom move ven
ruh move mun
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc move mid
swe support nwy
tri support tyr
tun move naf
tus support rom move ven
tyr move pie
tys move gol
ven move tyr
wal move yor
war support pru
wes support spa/sc move mid
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army vie
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bal move pru
ber move sil
boh support mun
bre move gas
bud move vie
eng move mid
fin move swe
gal move war
ion move tun
kie move mun
lon move nth
gol move pie
mar move spa
mun support pru move ber
naf support wes move mid
nrg move bar
nwy support fin move swe
pie move tus
pru move ber
rom move ven
ruh support kie move mun
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc support wes move mid
swe move den
tri support rom move ven
tus support gol move pie
tyr support rom move ven
tys move gol
ven move tri
war move mos
wes move mid
yor move edi
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Germany: army/dislodged ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ven move apu
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
apu move nap
bar move stp/nc
ber move kie
boh support tyr move mun
den support ber move kie
edi hold
eng move mid
gas support mar move spa
lvp move edi
gol support pie move mar
mid move bre
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move bur
naf move mid
nth support lvp move edi
nwy support mos move stp
pie move mar
sil move ber
spa/sc support pie move mar
swe support den
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr move mun
ven support tus move rom
vie move tyr
war move pru
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Turkey: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
England: army/dislodged edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Germany: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
kie move hol
spa/sc move wes
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Germany: army nap
Germany: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army con
remove edi
remove nth
build Army vie
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Germany: army nap
Germany: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move mun
bre support wes move mid
bur support mun move ruh
eng move bre
gre move nap
hol support ruh move kie
ion convoy gre move nap
kie support mun move ruh
gol move spa/sc
mar support gol move spa/sc
mun move ruh
naf support wes move mid
pru move ber
rom support gre move nap
ruh move kie
spa move por
ven move apu
vie move boh
war move sil
wes move mid
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: army nap
Germany: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army por
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
apu move ven
ber move kie
bre move gas
bud move gal
bur move par
con move bul
den support ber move kie
eng move bre
gas support eng move bre
hol move ruh
ion move tys
kie hold
mid move por
mar support spa/sc
mun support ber move kie
naf move mid
pru move ber
rom move tus
ruh move bel
sil move ber
spa/sc support mid move por
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Austria: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Austria: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Germany: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Germany: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bre move pic
kie move hol
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Turkey: fleet pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army bud
build Army con
remove pru
build Army vie
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Turkey: fleet pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bar move nrg
bel support kie move hol
boh move sil
bre move eng
bud move ser
bul move ser
con move bul
den move kie
gal move rum
gas move mid
hol support ruh move bel
kie move hol
mid move nat
mar move spa/sc
mun move ruh
nap move rom
pic move eng
por move mid
ruh move bel
sil move ber
spa/sc support por move mid
tus move pie
tys move ion
vie move bud
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Turkey: fleet pic
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel support kie move ruh
ber move kie
bre support gas move mid
bud move rum
bul move rum
con move bul
den support ber move kie
gas move mid
hol support ruh move bel
ion move adr
kie move ruh
mid move nat
mar move spa/sc
mun support tyr
nat move lvp
nrg move nat
par move bur
pic move eng
pie move mar
rom support ven
ruh move bel
rum move sev
sil move ber
spa/sc move por
stp move mos
tri move ser
tyr move ven
vie support tyr
PHASE 1916 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Austria: army/dislodged bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet/dislodged mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
mid move naf
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
bre hold
bud support ser
bul hold
bur move bel
con support bul
eng move nth
hol support bel
kie support ruh move hol
lvp move cly
mid move por
mar move gas
mos move sev
mun support tyr
naf move wes
nrg move nat
pic support bur move bel
por move mid
rom move tus
ruh move hol
rum support mos move sev
ser support rum
smy move aeg
spa/sc support por move mid
tri support tyr
tyr support tri
ven hold
vie support tri
PHASE 1917 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Austria: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Germany: fleet/dislodged mid
Turkey: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Austria: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg move gre
bul hold
cly move edi
con support bul
gas move bre
mid support gas move bre
nth move lon
pic support gas move bre
tus move pie
tyr move boh
ven hold
PHASE 1917 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Austria: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Turkey: army bre
Germany: fleet/dislodged bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Turkey: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move eng
PHASE 1917 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Turkey: fleet edi
Turkey: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
Turkey: supply lon
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
