PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move mun
bre move mid
con move bul
kie move hol
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun move boh
par move pic
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
boh hold
bot move swe
bul move gre
bur move ruh
con move bul
gal move rum
hol move nth
mid move por
mun move tyr
pic move bel
sev move bla
stp move nwy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bel move hol
boh move vie
bul move ser
con move bul
gre move alb
mar move gol
mos move ukr
nth move den
par move bur
por move mid
ruh move kie
rum move ser
sev move bla
smy move aeg
stp move lvn
swe move bal
tyr support boh move vie
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support bul move ser
ank move bla
bal convoy lvn move ber
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move bul
den hold
gal move bud
hol support kie
kie support bur move mun
lvn move ber via convoy
gol move spa/sc
mid move wes
nwy hold
rum support gal move bud
sev move bla
tyr move mun
ukr move gal
vie hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Fleet stp/nc
remove tyr
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move bla
bal support ber
ber support war move sil
bre move eng
bud support gal move vie
bul hold
con support ank move bla
den hold
gal move vie
hol support kie
ion move adr
kie support mun move ber
mar move gol
mun move ber
par move bur
ser support alb move tri
spa/sc move mid
stp/nc move bar
vie hold
war move sil
wes move tys
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Germany: army/dislodged vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
vie disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
bal move kie
bar move nrg
ber support sil move mun
bla support bul
bud move vie
bur support mun
con move aeg
den hold
eng move nth
hol support kie
kie support mun move ber
gol move tys
mid move eng
mun move ber
rum support sev
ser support bul
sev support rum
sil move mun
tri support adr move ven
tys move tun
vie move boh
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Turkey: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Army mar
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal support ber move kie
ber move kie
boh support mun
bur move mun
con move aeg
den hold
eng move lon
hol support kie
kie support bur move mun
mar move pie
mun support ber move kie
nth support eng move lon
nrg convoy nwy move cly
nwy move cly via convoy
ruh support bur move mun
rum support sev
sev support rum
smy move eas
stp/nc move nwy
tri move ven
tun move ion
ven move apu
vie move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
