PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move pru
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mos move sev
mun move bur
nap move ion
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
ven hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu move ven
bla convoy con move rum
bul support con move rum
bur move par
con move rum via convoy
hol move nth
ion move tun
pru move war
tri move ven
ven move pie
vie move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army con
build Army kie
build Army mun
build Fleet rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
ber move sil
bla support rum move sev
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul
gal move war
hol move nth
nth convoy yor move den
nrg move nwy
pru hold
rum move sev
ser hold
tri move ven
vie move gal
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support bul move rum
bul move rum
den move kie
gal move ukr
hol move nth
nth move den
nwy move swe
pru move war
ser hold
sev move mos
sil support war move ber
vie move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet smy
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
bla convoy con move rum
bud hold
con move rum via convoy
den support lon move nth
edi support lon move nth
gal move vie
gre move bul
kie move ber
lon move nth
lvp move wal
mos move stp
nth move hel
pru move war
rum move ukr
sev move mos
sil support pru move war
smy move aeg
swe move nwy
ukr move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber move kie
bla move bul/ec
bud hold
bul move gre
den move kie
edi move nth
gal move vie
hel move den
hol move kie
mos support ukr move war
nth move bel
rum move ukr
ser hold
sil move ber
ukr move war
ven hold
vie move tyr
wal move eng
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
war move pru
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Army edi
remove hel
remove hol
build Army lon
build Army lvp
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel move hol
ber move mun
bud move tri
bul/ec move con
con move bul
den move kie
edi move nwy via convoy
eng convoy lon move bel
gre move nap via convoy
ion convoy gre move nap
lon move bel via convoy
lvp move yor
mos move lvn
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move swe
pru move ber
sil support pru move ber
smy move aeg
stp support mos move lvn
tyr move mun
ukr move gal
ven move adr
vie move tyr
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bel move ruh
bul/ec move bla
con move bul
eng move mid
gal move sil
ion move tun
kie move ber
lvn move stp
nth convoy yor move nwy
nwy move fin
sil move mun
stp move fin
swe move bot
tri move ven
tyr move mun
vie move tri
war move pru
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Turkey: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ber move kie
bla convoy con move sev
bot support nwy move fin
bul move rum
con move sev via convoy
gal move war
hol support ruh move kie
ion move tys
kie move bal
lon move eng
lvn support stp
mid move spa/sc
nth convoy yor move nwy
nwy move fin
pru support gal move war
ruh move kie
sev move mos
sil move mun
tri move ven
tun move wes
tyr move mun
ven move tus
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bal move lvn
ber hold
bla hold
bot support nwy move stp
eng move mid
fin support nwy move stp
hol move nth
kie move mun
lvn support stp
mos support stp
nap move rom
nth move eng
nwy move stp
pru support lvn
rum move gal
sev move ukr
sil move mun
spa/sc support eng move mid
stp hold
tus move rom via convoy
tyr move mun
tys support nap move rom
ven move rom
war support lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move ber
ber hold
bla convoy con move sev
bot move bal
con move sev via convoy
edi move bel via convoy
eng move mid
fin support stp
gal move boh
ion move adr
kie support bal move ber
lvn support mos move stp
mid move por
mos move stp
nth convoy edi move bel
pru support war move sil
rom move tus
ser move bud
sil move mun
smy move aeg
spa/sc support eng move mid
tus move pie
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ukr move war
ven move tri
war move sil
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal move pru
bel move ruh
ber support bal move pru
bla move con
boh support sil move mun
bud move vie
fin support stp
kie support ber
lon move bel via convoy
gol support pie move mar
mos move war
nth convoy lon move bel
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
pru support lvn
sev move mos
sil move mun
spa/sc hold
tus move pie
tyr move mun
war move sil
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel move bur
boh move mun
bud move gal
con move aeg
edi move bel via convoy
fin support stp
ion move tun
kie support ber
lon move eng
lvn support war move pru
gol support tun move wes
mid hold
mar move gas
mos support lvn
mun move ber
nth convoy edi move bel
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
pru hold
ruh support bel move bur
sil support mun move ber
smy move eas
spa/sc hold
tri move ven
tun move wes
tyr support mun move tri
vie support boh move bud
war move pru
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
England: fleet/dislodged pru
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
pru move bal
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support ber
bel move pic
boh move sil
bur move mar
eas move aeg
eng move iri
fin support stp
gal move bud
kie support ber
gol support wes
mid support spa/sc
mar move bur
mos support lvn
mun support mar move bur
nth move eng
por support spa/sc
pru support sil move ber
ruh move mun
sil move ber
spa/sc support bur move mar
stp hold
tun move naf
ven move pie
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Army smy
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg convoy smy move gre
arm move sev
boh move mun
gol support pie move mar
mos support lvn
mun move bur
naf move mid
pie move mar
pru move ber
sil support pru move ber
smy move gre via convoy
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
Austria: army mar
England: army/dislodged mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
