PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber support mun
bre move mid
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie support ber move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nap move ion
par move bur
rom support ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
ven hold
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move pru
bot move swe
bud move gal
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul
gal move vie
ion move gre
kie move hol
mid move spa/sc
nth move den
nrg convoy edi move nwy
rom move apu
sev support ukr move rum
spa move por
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ukr move rum
ven hold
vie support bud move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move sil
ven move rom
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army ber
build Army bre
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army par
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
ber move sil
bre move pic
den support lon move nth
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move ukr
hol move bel
ion move gre
kie move den
lon move nth
mar move gol
mos move ukr
nrg convoy edi move nwy
par move bur
por move spa
pru move war
sev support rum
sil move gal
spa/sc move wes
swe move bal
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move bud
war support sil move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ion
bal support sil move ber
bel move pic
ber move kie
bud move ser
bur support pic move bel
den move swe
gal move bud
kie move ruh
gol convoy spa move tus
mos move sev
nth move hol
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp
pic move bel
pru move sil
rom move ven
ruh move mun
rum support bud move ser
sev move arm
sil move ber
spa move tus via convoy
ven move pie
war move pru
wes move tun
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: fleet/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: army tus
Italy: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move nth
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
build Army mar
build Army nap
remove nth
build Army par
remove pie
build Army rom
remove ruh
remove sil
build Army tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move ank
ber support kie
bud move tri
bur move mun
edi move nrg
hol move kie
ion move aeg
kie hold
lon move nth
lvp move edi
gol support tus
mar move pie
mun move tyr
nwy move bar
par move bur
pru move lvn
rom move tus
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move mos
stp move lvn
swe move bal
tri move tyr
tus hold
ven support rom move tus
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank move con
bal support hol move kie
bar move stp/nc
ber support kie
bud move gal
bul support ser move gre
bur move ruh
edi move nwy via convoy
hol move kie
kie move ruh
gol move tys
mos support pru move lvn
mun support hol move kie
nap move rom
nth move den
nrg convoy edi move nwy
par move bur
pie support tus move ven
pru move lvn
rom move tus
ser move gre
stp move lvn
tri hold
tun move ion
tus move ven
ven support rom move tus
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Italy: fleet/dislodged gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move apu
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Fleet sev
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bal support kie move ber
bar support stp
bel move ruh
ber move mun
bud move tri
bul support ank move con
bur move mun
den move kie
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move boh
ion move nap
kie move ber
lon move nth
lvn support mos
mar move gol
mos support lvn
mun move tyr
nrg convoy edi move nwy
nwy move fin
par move pic
pie move tus
sev move bla
smy move aeg
stp hold
tri move tyr
tys support ven move rom
ven move rom
vie support gal move boh
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army/dislodged ber
England: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal move bot
bar move nwy
ber hold
bla move con
boh support vie move tyr
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur support ruh move mun
con move aeg
fin support stp
gre move ser
kie support ber
lvn support pru
gol move tys
mos support lvn
mun move tyr
nap move apu
nth move den
nrg move nth
nwy move swe
pic move bel
pie move ven
pru support sil
ruh move mun
sil support pru
stp hold
tri support vie move tyr
tys move nap
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move ion
apu move adr
bel move ruh
ber hold
boh support vie move tyr
bot support stp move lvn
bre move par
bud move vie
bur move mun
con move smy
den move bal
fin move stp
gre move ion
kie support ber
lon move den via convoy
lvn support pru
mar move gol
mos support lvn
mun move tyr
nap support tys move ion
nth convoy lon move den
nwy support fin move stp
pru support lvn
rum move gal
ser support tri
sil move mun
stp move lvn
swe hold
tri support vie move tyr
tyr move tri
tys move ion
ven support tyr move tri
vie move tyr
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: army/dislodged tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tyr move pie
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tys move ion
aeg support gre move ion
bal support stp move lvn
ber hold
boh support tyr
bot support stp move lvn
bur support mun
den hold
fin move stp
gal move war
gre move ion
kie support ber
lvn support pru
mos support lvn
mun support pie move tyr
nap support tys move ion
nth hold
nwy support fin move stp
par move pic
pie move tyr
pru move ber
rom support ven
ruh support mun
ser support tri
sil support pru move ber
smy move eas
stp move lvn
swe move fin
tri hold
tyr hold
tys move ion
ven support pie move tyr
vie support tyr
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army sev
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg support gre move ion
bal convoy den move ber
ber move kie
bot support lvn
bur support mun
den move ber via convoy
eas support gre move ion
fin move stp
ion hold
kie move hol
lvn support stp move mos
gol move tys
mos support war
mun support pie move tyr
nap support ion
nth hold
nwy hold
pic move bel
pie move tyr
pru support mun move ber
rom move apu
ruh support mun
sev support mos
sil support pru
stp move mos
ven support pie move tyr
war support pru
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg support gre move ion
bal support lvn move pru
bel move ruh
ber support lvn move pru
boh support vie move tyr
bot support stp move lvn
bur support ruh move mun
eas support gre move ion
fin move stp
gre move ion
hol hold
ion hold
kie support ber
lvn move pru
mos support war
mun move sil
nap support ion
nth support hol
nwy support fin move stp
pru support sil
ruh move mun
ser support tri
sev support mos
sil support pru
stp move lvn
tri hold
tyr support ven move tri
tys support ion
ven move tri
vie move tyr
war support pru
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: army/dislodged tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tyr move pie
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy apu move alb
aeg support gre move ion
apu move alb via convoy
bal support ber move pru
ber move pru
boh move mun
bot support lvn
bur support mun
eas support gre move ion
gre move ion
hol hold
ion hold
kie move ber
lvn support pru move war
mos support war
mun support pie move tyr
nap support ion
nth move hel
nwy move nth
pie move tyr
pru move war
ruh support mun
ser move tri
sev support mos
sil support war
stp move mos
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys support ion
ven support pie move tyr
war support sil
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support alb move tri
alb move tri
bal move pru
bel move ruh
ber move sil
boh move mun
bot support lvn
bur support ruh move mun
gre support ser move alb
hel support kie
hol hold
ion hold
kie support hol
lvn support pru move war
mun move tyr
nap support ion
nth support hol
pie support mun move tyr
pru move war
ruh move mun
ser move alb
stp move mos
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
tys support ion
ven support alb move tri
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
ber move sil
bot move swe
hel convoy lon move kie
hol hold
ion hold
kie move den
lon move kie via convoy
lvn support war
mar move gol
mun move boh
nap support ion
nth convoy lon move kie
pie move ven
pru hold
stp move mos
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
tys support ion
ven move tri
vie hold
war support ber move sil
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
alb move ser
boh move vie
bud move tri
bur move pic
den move hel
gre move bul/sc
hel move hol
hol move bel
ion hold
kie support sil move mun
lvn support stp move mos
gol move wes
mun move boh
nap support ion
nth support hol move bel
pru move ber
ruh move bel
sil move mun
stp move mos
swe move nwy
tri move ser
tyr support vie
tys support ion
ven move tri
vie hold
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move bur
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move eng
bur move mun
edi hold
hel hold
hol support lon move bel
ion move alb
kie support mun move ruh
lon move bel via convoy
lvn move mos
lvp move iri
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap support tys move ion
nth convoy lon move bel
nwy move nrg
pic move bel
ruh support bur move mun
tri support vie move bud
tyr support bur move mun
tys move ion
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
France: army/dislodged ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
ruh move bur
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
ber hold
bur move bel
edi move bel via convoy
eng support bel move pic
gal move rum
hel hold
hol support edi move bel
ion move gre
iri move mid
kie support ruh move mun
mid move eng
mos move sev
mun hold
nap move ion
nth convoy edi move bel
nrg move nat
pic support bur move bel
ruh move mun
tri move ser
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ukr support mos move sev
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
England: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove boh
build Fleet bre
build Army lon
build Army mar
build Army par
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
bel support ruh move bur
ber move bal
bre hold
bud move rum
bul/sc support alb move gre
bur move ruh
edi move kie via convoy
eng support nat move mid
gre move bul/sc
hel convoy edi move kie
hol support bel
iri support nat move mid
kie move ber
lon hold
mar move gas
mun support bur move ruh
nat move mid
nth convoy edi move kie
par support bre
pic move bel
pie move ven
ruh move bur
rum move ser
ser support gre move bul
sev move arm
tyr support mun
ukr move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
mid move por
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
France: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
arm move ank
bal support lon move kie
bel hold
ber move sil
bre support por move mid
bud move rum
bul/sc move con
eng move bre
gal support rum
gas support bre
gre support rum move ser
hel convoy lon move kie
hol support bel
iri support mid
kie move ber
lon move kie via convoy
mid support eng move bre
mun support tyr move boh
nth convoy lon move kie
par support bre
pic move bel
por move mid
ruh support mun
rum support gal
ser support bud move rum
spa/sc support por move mid
tyr move boh
ven move tyr
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
England: army ank
England: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
