PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move tri
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
apu move tun via convoy
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move aeg
edi move den via convoy
hol support ruh move bel
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move ruh
mid move por
nth convoy edi move den
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
ruh move bel
rum move bla
ser support alb move gre
tri hold
ukr move rum
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Army kie
build Fleet lvp
build Army mar
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move arm
bel move bur
bla support sev move arm
bud hold
bul support ser move rum
con move smy
den support nwy move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
gre move bul/sc
hol move bel
ion move eas
kie move hol
lvp move iri
mar move bur
mun support bel move bur
nap move ion
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move swe
par support mar move bur
pic support mar move bur
por move mid
ruh support bel move bur
rum support gre move bul
ser support gre move bul
sev move arm
spa move gas
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri hold
vie hold
war move lvn
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move fin
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support con
arm move ank
bel move ruh
bla support arm move ank
bud move ser
bul/sc move aeg
con support ank
den support swe
eas move aeg
edi move nwy via convoy
fin move swe
gas move bur
hol move bel
ion convoy tun move gre
iri move mid
kie move ber
lvn move stp
mid move wes
mar support gas move bur
mun move bur
nth convoy edi move nwy
par support gas move bur
pic support gas move bur
ruh move hol
rum move ukr
ser move bul
smy move syr
stp/nc move nwy
swe support edi move nwy
tri hold
tun move gre via convoy
vie move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet rom
remove ukr
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support syr move arm
bel move eng
ber move sil
bla support arm
bud move ser
bul/sc move aeg
bur support pic move bel
con move bla
den hold
eas move smy
edi move nwy via convoy
fin move bot
gre support ser move bul
hol move bel
ion move tun
lvn move stp
lvp move iri
mid move wes
mar hold
mun move bur
nth convoy edi move nwy
par support bur
pic move bel
rom move tys
ruh support hol move bel
ser move bul
stp/nc move bar
swe support edi move nwy
syr move arm
tri move vie
ven move pie
vie move bud
wes move gol
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: army/dislodged arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support smy
ank support arm move smy
arm move smy
bar move nwy
bel move pic
bla support sev move arm
bot move swe
bud move rum
bul move con
bur support pic move bel
con support arm move smy
den move swe
eng move bre
gre move alb
iri move mid
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mun support ruh move bur
nth support swe move nwy
nwy move fin
par move bre
pic move bel
pie move mar
ruh move bur
ser support bud move rum
sev move arm
sil move war
smy support bul move con
stp support bar move nwy
swe move nwy
tun support tys move wes
tys move wes
vie move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Turkey: army/dislodged arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
Italy: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm disband
bur move gas
pie move ven
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army ber
remove bla
build Army bud
remove gas
build Army lon
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move tri
ank move smy
bar move nrg
bel move pic
ber move pru
bot move stp/sc
bud move vie
bul support aeg move con
bur move gas
con support ank move smy
den support swe
eng support bel move pic
fin move stp
gal move ukr
lon move nwy via convoy
gol support pie move mar
mid move por
mun move bur
nth convoy lon move nwy
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
pie move mar
rom move tus
rum move sev
ser move bud
smy support aeg move con
spa/sc hold
stp move mos
swe support lon move nwy
tun move tys
ven move pie
war move mos
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
England: army fin
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
con move bla
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
England: army fin
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support bla move con
bla move con
bot support stp
bre support par
bud move gal
bul move rum
bur move mar
con support bul
den hold
eng move bre
fin move stp
gas support bur move mar
gol move spa/sc
mar support gol move spa
nth move edi
nrg move cly
nwy support fin move stp
par support bre
pic support eng move bre
pie support mar
por support spa/sc
pru move lvn
sev support ukr move mos
smy support con
spa/sc support bur move mar
stp hold
swe move bot
tri move tyr
tus move gol
tys move tun
ukr move mos
vie move boh
war support stp move mos
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bla
remove bot
build Army bud
remove cly
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
remove par
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank hold
boh support tyr move mun
bre move gas
bud move gal
bur move ruh
con move ank
den move kie
edi move nth
eng move mid
gal move sil
gas move par
lon move eng
lvn move mos
lvp move iri
gol support mar move spa
mar move spa
mos move sev
nwy move fin
pic support gas move par
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
rum move ukr
sev move arm
spa/sc support gas move mar
stp support lvn move mos
swe move bot
tri move tyr
tun move naf
tus move tys
tyr move mun
vie support boh
war support lvn move mos
wes support mar move spa
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank hold
arm support con move ank
boh move sil
bot convoy fin move lvn
con move ank
eng support mid
fin move lvn via convoy
gal move war
gas support mar move bur
iri support mid
kie move ber
gol support spa
mid support por move spa
mar move bur
mos support war
mun support sil move ber
naf support wes move mid
nth hold
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
por move spa/sc
ruh move kie
sev move mos
sil move ber
stp support mos
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ukr support gal move war
vie move gal
war hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
war move pru
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bre
build Army bud
build Army lon
remove gol
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm support sev
ber support sil move pru
bot move bal
bud move gal
bur support gas move par
gal move sil
gas move par
iri support mid
lvn move war
mid support por move spa
mun support ber
naf move mid
nth hold
por move spa/sc
pru move war
ruh move bel
sev move mos
sil move pru
smy move aeg
tyr support mun
tys move gol
ukr support sev move mos
ven move pie
war support sil move pru
wes support spa
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: army/dislodged par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
par move bre
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bal move ber
bel move pic
ber support mun move kie
bla support arm move sev
bre move par
bur move ruh
eng support mid
gal move war
iri support mid
kie support bal move ber
lon hold
lvn support stp move mos
gol move spa/sc
mid support por move spa
mos support war move lvn
mun move kie
naf move mid
nth hold
par support bur move pic
por move spa/sc
pru support war move lvn
sil support ber
spa move gas
stp move mos
tyr move boh
ukr support mos
vie support tyr move boh
war move lvn
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move bot
ber support mun move kie
bla hold
boh support sil
bre support pic move par
bud move gal
eng move bel
gas support par
ion move tun
iri support mid
kie support lon move hol
lon move hol via convoy
lvn move stp
mid support por move spa
mos support lvn move stp
mun move kie
naf move mid
nth convoy lon move hol
par support gas
pic move par
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
pru support war move lvn
ruh support mun move kie
sev support mos
sil support ber
spa/sc move por
ukr move war
ven move pie
vie support bud move gal
war move lvn
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
England: army/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move den
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support hol
ber support kie
bla support sev
boh support sil
bot move stp/sc
bre support pic move par
den move kie
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move war
gas support par
hol support bel
iri move eng
kie support ruh
lvn move stp
mid move gas
mar move bur
mos support lvn move stp
naf support wes move mid
nth convoy edi move nwy
par support gas
pic move par
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
pru support war move lvn
ruh support mar move bur
sev support mos
sil support ber
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp move fin
tun move wes
vie move gal
war move lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move iri
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove gas
remove iri
build Army lvp
build Fleet nap
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
ber move kie
bla support sev
boh support sil
bot move stp/sc
bre move gas
bur move bel
den hold
eng support bel move pic
fin move nwy
gal support war
hol support nth move bel
kie move hol
lvn support stp
lvp move wal
mid support spa/sc move por
mar move gas
mos support stp
naf support mid
nap move tys
nth move bel
nwy support bot move stp
par hold
por move mid
pru support ber
ruh support kie move hol
sev support mos
sil support ber
spa/sc move por
stp support fin move nwy
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war support lvn
wes support mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Italy: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bla support sev
boh move sil
bot move stp/sc
bre support par
bur support ruh move bel
den move kie
eng support nth move bel
fin support stp move nwy
gal move war
hol support ruh move bel
kie hold
lvn support mos move stp
mid move nat
mar move gas
mos move stp
naf support wes move mid
nth move bel
nwy support bot move stp
par support bre
pic support nth move bel
por support wes move mid
pru support lvn
ruh move bel
sev support war move mos
sil move ber
stp move nwy
tri hold
tyr move mun
tys move gol
war move mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Italy: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
England: army/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move swe
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove bot
build Army bud
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
bla support sev
bre support par
bud move gal
bur support ruh move bel
den support swe
eng support nth move bel
fin support nwy move swe
gas move par
hol support ruh move bel
kie move den
lvn support mos move stp
gol move spa/sc
mid move iri
mos move stp
mun move ruh
naf support por move mid
nat move lvp
nth move bel
nwy move swe
par support bre
pic support nth move bel
por move mid
pru support sil move ber
ruh move bel
sev support war move mos
sil move ber
stp move nwy
swe hold
tri move tyr
vie move boh
wal move lvp
war move mos
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ber support sil move pru
bla support sev
boh support gal move sil
bur support ruh move bel
den hold
eng move iri
fin move swe
gal move sil
gas move par
hol support ruh move bel
iri move lvp
kie support swe move den
lvn move stp
mid move eng
mos support lvn move stp
mun move ruh
naf move wes
nat support iri move lvp
nth support den
nwy support fin move swe
par support bre
pic move bel
pru move lvn
ruh move bel
sev support mos
sil move pru
spa/sc move gol
stp move fin
swe move den
tyr support mun
wal move lvp
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove iri
build Fleet nap
remove nth
build Fleet rom
build Army tri
build Army ven
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
ber support kie
bla support sev
boh support gal move sil
bre support par
bur move par
den hold
eng move bre
fin move swe
gal move sil
gas support eng move bre
kie support swe move den
lvn move stp
lvp move wal
gol move wes
mos support lvn move stp
nat move nrg
nap move ion
nwy support fin move swe
par support bre
pic move eng
pru move lvn
rom move tys
ruh move mun
sev support mos
sil move pru
stp move fin
swe move den
tri support tyr
tyr support boh
wal move lon
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Austria: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support kie
bla support sev
boh support sil
bre support wal move eng
bur support mun
den support kie
fin support nwy
gas support pic move par
hol move bel
kie hold
lvn support stp
mid support wal move eng
mos support stp
nrg move edi
nwy support swe
par hold
pic move par
pru support lvn
sev support mos
sil support ber
stp support fin
swe support den
tri support tyr
tyr support boh
ven move pie
wal move eng
wes move gol
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Austria: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: army fin
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
