PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move gas
rom move tus
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla hold
bot move swe
bul hold
con support bul
den move nth
gal move bud
gas move spa
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
pie move ven
ruh move bel
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
tri move bud
tus move ven
ukr support rum
ven move tri
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bla hold
bre move pic
bud support ser
bul hold
con support bul
den move nth
gal hold
gre hold
hol move bel
kie move bal
lon move eng
mun move bur
nth convoy yor move bel
nwy move ska
par move bur
pie support tri move ven
por move spa/sc
rom move tys
ruh support mun move bur
rum move sev
ser support bud
smy move aeg
spa move gas
tri hold
tun move wes
tus support ven
ukr move rum
ven support tus
vie hold
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
bal support den
bla support con move bul
bud hold
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul
den hold
eng move bel
gal move war
gas move mar
gre move ion
hol support bur move bel
nth convoy yor move den
par move bur
pic support eng move bel
pie move tyr
ruh support bur move bel
rum move ser
ser support bud
sev move rum
ska support yor move den
spa/sc move wes
swe support yor move den
tri hold
tus support ven
tys move gol
ven support tus
vie support bud
wes move mid
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move kie
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
remove ion
build Army lon
build Army mos
build Army stp
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal move den
bel support hol
bla support bul move rum
bud support ser
bul move rum
bur support tyr move mun
con move bul
den move kie
eng convoy lon move bel
gre support con move bul
hol support bel
kie support bal move den
lon move bel via convoy
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
mar move pie
mos move war
nth move hol
pic support lon move bel
ruh move mun
rum hold
ser move bul
sev hold
ska move den
stp move lvn
swe move bal
tri move ser
tus move pie
tyr move mun
ven support tus move pie
vie support tri
war move sil
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army/dislodged den
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move swe
rum move ukr
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal support swe move den
bel hold
bla support rum
bud support ukr move rum
bul support rum
bur support mar
den hold
eng support bel
gre move nap via convoy
hol hold
ion convoy gre move nap
kie support den
lvn move pru
mar hold
mun move kie
nth support swe move den
pic support bel
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
ruh move bur
rum hold
ser move gre
sev support ukr move rum
sil move ber
ska support swe move den
spa/sc support pie move mar
swe move den
tri move ser
tun support spa/sc move wes
ukr move rum
ven move apu
vie move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move hel
mar move gas
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
remove hel
remove kie
build Army lon
remove pic
build Fleet rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move rom
bal move kie
bel support lon move hol
ber support bal move kie
bla move sev
bul support rum
bur move mar
con support bul
den move kie
eng move bre
gas support bur move mar
gre support ser
hol move ruh
ion support nap
lon move hol via convoy
mar hold
mun move ruh
nap hold
nth convoy lon move hol
por move spa/sc
pru move sil
rom move tys
ruh move bur
rum support bla move sev
ser support gre
sev hold
sil move gal
ska move den
spa/sc move gol
tri support bud
tun move wes
ukr support sev
vie move gal
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
Italy: army/dislodged mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move pie
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel hold
ber move mun
bla convoy con move arm
bre hold
bud support vie move gal
bul hold
bur move par
con move arm via convoy
den move kie
gas move par
gre support ser
hol support den move kie
ion support nap
gol support pie move mar
mar hold
mun move tyr
nap hold
nth hold
pie move mar
pru move ber
rom move nap
rum support vie move gal
ser support gre
sev support ukr move rum
sil support ber move mun
ska move den
spa/sc support pie move mar
tri support ser
tys move tun
ukr move rum
vie move gal
wes support ion move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
Russia: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move bal
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bur
build Army edi
remove gas
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army mos
build Army ven
build Army war
remove wes
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal move kie
bel move pic
ber move sil
bla support bul move rum
bre move mid
bud support gal move vie
bul move rum
den hold
edi move bel via convoy
gal move vie
gre hold
hol support kie move ruh
ion hold
kie move ruh
lon hold
lvp move iri
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nap hold
nth convoy edi move bel
rom support ven
rum support war move gal
ser support bul move rum
sev move bla
sil move boh
spa/sc hold
tri support gal move vie
tun support gol move tys
ven support rom
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move pic
bla support rum
boh move vie
bud support vie
den hold
gal support sev move rum
gre hold
hol move ruh
ion support nap
iri move mid
lon move bel via convoy
mid move wes
nap hold
nth convoy lon move bel
pic move par
pie move mar
rom move nap
ruh move bur
rum hold
ser support rum
sev move rum
spa/sc move por
tri support vie
tun move ion
tys support rom move nap
ukr support sev move rum
ven hold
vie support tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Turkey: army/dislodged nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
nap disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army mos
build Fleet rom
remove tyr
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move pic
bla support rum
boh support mun move tyr
bud move gal
bur move mar
con move bul
den move nth
gal support ukr move rum
gre hold
ion move tys
kie hold
mid support wes move spa
mar move spa
mos support sev
mun move tyr
nap move rom
nth move eng
par move gas
pic move par
por move mid
rom move tus
ruh hold
rum hold
ser support bud
sev support ukr move rum
sil move mun
tri support vie
tun move wes
tys move gol
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
vie support bud move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move war
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
boh move vie
bul support rum
bur move mar
gal hold
gas support mid move spa
gre hold
kie hold
gol support mar move spa
mid move spa/sc
mar move spa
mos support sev
mun hold
por move mid
rom move ven
rum support arm move sev
ser move bud
sev hold
tri support vie
tun move naf
tus move tys
tyr support boh move vie
tys move wes
ukr support war move gal
ven move pie
vie support gal
war move gal
wes move gol
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army lon
remove tus
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bla support sev
boh support tyr move vie
bud move gal
bul hold
bur move mar
eng move mid
gal support tyr move vie
gas support bur move mar
gre move ser
kie move ber
lon move bel via convoy
gol support mar move spa
mid move nat
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move tyr
naf move tun
nth convoy lon move bel
par move bur
pie move tyr
rum support bud move gal
sev hold
sil move pru
spa/sc support eng move mid
tri support vie
tyr move vie
tys move wes
ukr support mos move sev
ven support pie move tyr
vie support bud move gal
wes move naf
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
England: supply spa
England: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move war
spa move por
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move yor via convoy
bla support arm move sev
boh support war move gal
bul support rum
bur support mar
gal support rum move ukr
gas move spa
gol support spa move mar
mid support gas move spa
mar support gas move spa
mos support ukr move sev
mun move tyr
naf support wes move tun
nat move lvp
nth convoy bel move yor
pic move par
por support gas move spa
pru move war
rum support sev move ukr
ser hold
sev move ukr
spa move mar
tri support vie
tun move naf
tyr move pie
ukr move sev
ven support tyr move pie
vie support gal
war move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army stp
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
ber move pru
bla support arm move sev
boh support war move gal
bul hold
bur hold
edi move lvp
gal support sev move ukr
lvp move wal
gol move mar
mid move wes
mar support por move spa
mos support ukr move sev
naf support mid move wes
nth hold
par hold
pie support gol move mar
por move spa/sc
pru move war
ruh hold
rum support sev move ukr
ser move bud
sev move ukr
spa move gas
stp move lvn
tri move tyr
tun move naf
tyr move tri
ukr move sev
ven support tri move tyr
vie support tri move tyr
war move gal
wes move spa/sc
yor support edi move lvp
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army/dislodged tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
gal move sil
tyr move mun
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm support sev
bla support arm move sev
boh support gal move vie
bud move gal
bul support rum
bur support gas move mar
gal move vie
gas move mar
lvn support ukr move war
lvp hold
mid move wes
mar support wes move spa
mos support ukr move war
mun move tyr
naf support mid move wes
nth hold
par move gas
pie support mar
por move spa/sc
pru move ber
ruh move bel
rum support sev move ukr
sev move ukr
sil support tyr move mun
tun move naf
tyr move mun
ukr move war
ven support tyr
vie move boh
wal move eng
war move gal
wes move spa/sc
yor move lon
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move ruh
war disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army tri
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move bur
bla support arm move sev
boh support ruh move mun
bud support tri move vie
bul hold
bur move gas
edi move cly
eng move mid
gas move spa
lon hold
lvn move mos
lvp move yor
mid move wes
mar support wes move spa
mos move ukr
mun support sil move boh
naf support mid move wes
nth hold
par move bre
pie support mar
por support gas move spa
ruh move mun
rum support ukr
sil move boh
tri move vie
tun move naf
ukr hold
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war support mos move ukr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
vie move gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel hold
ber move kie
bla move sev
boh move vie
bre hold
bud support vie
bul hold
bur move mar
cly move nat
eng move iri
gal support mos move ukr
gas support por move spa
lon hold
lvn move mos
mid support por move spa
mos move ukr
mun support sil
naf move tun
nth convoy yor move hol
pie support mar
por move spa/sc
rum support ukr
sev move mos
sil support mun
tun move naf
tyr support mun
ukr support sev move mos
vie support bud
war support mos move ukr
wes support tun move naf
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove kie
build Fleet lvp
build Army tri
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move rum via convoy
bel move ruh
bla convoy ank move rum
boh move mun
bre move pic
bud support tri move vie
bul support ank move rum
bur support ruh move mun
gal move rum
gas move mar
hol support ruh move kie
iri move nat
lon move wal
lvn move mos
lvp move iri
mid move spa/sc
mar support wes move spa
mun support vie move boh
naf move mid
nat support lvp move iri
nth move eng
pie support mar
ruh support boh move mun
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
sil support vie move boh
spa/sc move gol
tri move vie
tyr support mun
ukr support gal move rum
vie move boh
war support lvn move mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
bla support sev
boh support mun
bud support vie move gal
bul support rum
bur support gol move mar
eng convoy wal move bre
gal move bud
gas support gol move mar
hol support ruh move kie
iri support nat move mid
gol move mar
mid move spa/sc
mar move spa/sc
mos move sev
mun hold
naf move mid
nat move mid
pic move par
pie move mar
ruh move mun
rum support vie move gal
sev move mos
sil move ber
tyr support mun
ukr support sev move mos
vie move gal
wal move bre via convoy
war move sil
wes support mar move spa
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move war
mos move lvn
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet rom
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move sev via convoy
ber support mun
bla convoy ank move sev
boh move sil
bre move par
bud support gal
bul support rum
bur support mar
gal support boh move sil
gas move spa
hol support ruh move kie
iri support mid
lvn support war move mos
mid support gas move spa
mar support gas move spa
mos move stp
mun support boh move sil
naf support wes move mid
nat move nrg
par move gas
pie move mar
rom move tys
ruh move mun
rum move ukr
sil support ruh move mun
spa/sc move por
tri move ser
tyr move ven
ukr move mos
vie move boh
war move mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
sil move war
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move kie
bla move rum
boh support mun
bud support ser
bul hold
bur move mar
eng support iri move mid
gal move war
gas support spa
hol support ruh move kie
iri move mid
lvn move stp
mid move por
mar move gol
mos support lvn move stp
mun support ber move kie
naf move mid
nrg move nwy
par move bur
pic support par move bur
pie move mar
por support wes move spa
ruh move mun
rum move sev
ser support bud
sev move mos
sil support gal move war
spa support mid move por
stp hold
tys move gol
ukr support sev move mos
ven move pie
war support mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
war move pru
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove pru
remove ruh
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move mun
bud support vie move gal
bul move rum
bur move ruh
eng move nth
gas move mar
hol support bur move ruh
iri support mid
kie move den
lvn move pru
mid support spa move por
mar move gol
mos move stp
mun move kie
naf move mid
nwy move swe
par move bur
pic support par move bur
pie move mar
por support naf move mid
rum move bla
ser move gre
sev move mos
sil support war
smy move eas
spa move por
stp move fin
tri move tyr
tys move gol
ukr support sev move mos
ven move pie
vie move gal
war hold
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bla move bul/ec
bud support gal
bur move mun
den move swe
eas move ion
fin support stp move nwy
gal support war
gas support spa
gre hold
hol support ruh move kie
iri support mid
kie support den
gol support wes move spa
mid move naf
mar support spa
mos move lvn
mun support kie
naf move mid
nth move den
pic move bel
pie move mar
por support wes move spa
pru move ber
ruh move kie
rum hold
sil move ber
spa move por
stp move nwy
swe support nth move den
tyr support mun
ukr hold
ven move pie
war support gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet edi
remove pru
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
bud move vie
bul/ec move bla
bur support mar
con move bul
den support swe
edi move nth
fin move swe
gal move war
gas support mar
gre hold
hol support bel move ruh
ion move tys
iri support mid
kie move mun
lvn move mos
gol support spa/sc
mid move spa/nc
mar support mid move spa
mun move ruh
naf support por move mid
nwy support fin move swe
pie move mar
por move mid
rum support ukr
sil move ber
smy move aeg
spa/sc support por move mid
swe move nwy
tri move tyr
tyr move boh
ukr support rum
ven move rom
war move pru
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
mid move bre
swe move bot
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber support mun move kie
bla support bul
boh support tyr move mun
bot move swe
bre move mid
bul hold
bur move mun
den support bot move swe
gas move mar
gre move ser
hol move nwy via convoy
iri support bre move mid
kie support bur move mun
gol support pie move mar
mid move gas
mar move spa/sc
mos move stp
mun move kie
naf move mid
nth convoy hol move nwy
nwy support swe
pie move mar
pru support ber
rom move nap
ruh support bur move mun
rum hold
spa/sc support pie move mar
swe hold
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr move mos
vie move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army/dislodged swe
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move por
swe move fin
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support kie
bla move con
boh move mun
bud move vie
bul support rum
bur move mun
den support hol move kie
fin move swe
gas move mar
hol move kie
ion move tys
iri support mid
kie hold
gol support mar
mid hold
mar support spa/sc
mos move ukr
naf support wes move mid
nap move rom
nth support swe move nwy
nwy support fin move swe
por support wes move mid
pru hold
rom move tus
ruh support hol move kie
rum support bul
ser move bud
sil support boh move mun
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp support nwy
swe move nwy
tyr support boh move mun
vie move boh
wes move mid
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
mid move eng
swe move ska
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
boh support vie move gal
bud move ser
bul support rum
bur move mun
con move aeg
den move swe
eng move mid
gas support mar move spa
iri move nat
kie move hol
gol support mar
mid hold
mar support spa/sc
mun support ber move kie
naf move mid
nth move nwy
nwy support swe
por support naf move mid
pru support sil move war
rom move tus
ruh hold
rum support bul
sil move war
ska support den move swe
spa/sc support mid
stp support nwy
swe hold
tus move pie
tys hold
ukr hold
vie move gal
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army/dislodged swe
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
swe move fin
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
boh move sil
bud move ser
bul support rum
bur move mun
eng move mid
fin support nwy
gal move bud
gas support mar move spa
hol move nwy via convoy
kie move den
gol support mar
mid move bre
mar support spa/sc
mun move kie
naf move tun
nat move nrg
nth convoy hol move nwy
nwy hold
pie move tus
por move mid
pru move war
ruh move hol
rum support bul
ser move gre
ska support hol move nwy
spa/sc support mid
stp support nwy
swe support hol move nwy
tus move rom
tyr move mun
tys hold
ukr move mos
war move gal
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul
bre hold
bud move ser
bul support rum
den support kie
eng support gas move bre
fin move swe
gal move bud
gas move bre
hol move kie
kie support den
gol move mar
mar move spa
mos move ukr
nth support ska move nwy
nrg support ska move nwy
nwy support fin move swe
por support mar move spa
pru move war
rom move nap
ruh support hol move kie
rum support mos move ukr
ser move gre
sil support tyr move mun
ska move nwy
spa/sc move mid
stp support nwy
swe support ska move nwy
tun hold
tus move rom
tyr move mun
tys hold
war move gal
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
England: army bre
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul
bre hold
bud move rum
bul support rum
bur move ruh
den move kie
eng move iri
fin support stp
gal support bud move rum
gre move bul
hol move nwy via convoy
kie move ber
mid move iri
mar hold
mun support den move kie
nap support rom
nth convoy hol move nwy
nrg move bar
nwy move swe
por support spa
rom support nap
ruh move hol
rum hold
ser support bud move rum
sil move war
spa support por
stp move mos
swe move bot
tun hold
tys move nap
ukr support rum
ven move apu
vie move bud
war move mos
PHASE 1916 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Austria: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
rum move sev
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Austria: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
apu move ion
bar support bot move stp
ber move pru
bot move stp/sc
bud support rum
bul support aeg move gre
eng move iri
fin move nwy
gal support war move ukr
gre support ser move bul
hol move den via convoy
kie support mun
mid move nat
mar support spa
mun support kie
nap support rom
nth convoy hol move den
nwy move fin
por support spa
rom support nap
ruh move hol
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move rum
sil move war
spa support por
stp support fin move nwy
swe support nwy move fin
tun support apu move ion
tys move tun
ukr support sev move rum
war move ukr
PHASE 1916 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Austria: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army/dislodged stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Turkey: army/dislodged ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ukr move mos
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bar support fin move stp
bre move par
bud support rum
bul move rum
den move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
fin move stp
gal support ukr
gre support ser move bul
hol hold
ion move aeg
iri hold
kie support mun
lvp hold
mar move gol
mos hold
mun support kie
nat move nrg
nap hold
nth convoy edi move nwy
por hold
pru move lvn
rom hold
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support bul move rum
spa hold
stp/sc move bot
swe move ska
tun hold
tys move tun
ukr support war move mos
war move mos
PHASE 1917 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bul move con
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bar move nrg
bot support stp
bud move gal
bul support gre
gal move sil
gre support bul
hol hold
ion move eas
iri move nat
kie support mun
lvn move pru
gol move spa/sc
mos support ukr move sev
mun support kie
nap hold
nth move edi
nrg move edi
nwy hold
par hold
rom hold
rum support ukr move sev
ska move nth
spa move mar
swe move fin
tun hold
ukr move sev
PHASE 1917 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1917 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove nrg
build Army tri
remove tys
build Army vie
PHASE 1918 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
arm hold
bud move gal
bul support gre
con support aeg move smy
eas move smy
gal move war
gre support bul
kie hold
mar hold
mun move ruh
nap move rom
por hold
pru move ber
rom move tus
rum move ukr
sev move arm
sil move mun
ska move den
spa/sc hold
tri move tyr
tun move wes
vie move boh
PHASE 1918 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm hold
bar support stp
ber support kie
boh move sil
bot hold
bul support gre
con support smy
eas move smy
fin hold
gal move war
gre support bul
hol hold
kie support ber
lvp move iri
mos support war move lvn
mun move ruh
nat hold
nth support hol
nwy move swe
par move pic
rom move tus
ruh move bur
sev move arm
smy support con
stp hold
tus move pie
tyr move mun
ukr support mos
war move lvn
PHASE 1919 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm hold
bar move nrg
ber hold
bot move bal
bul support gre
bur move par
con support smy
eas move smy
gre support bul
iri move eng
kie support ruh move hol
lvn move stp
mar move gas
mos support lvn move stp
mun move bur
nat move iri
nth move hel
pic move par
pie move mar
por support wes move mid
ruh move hol
sev move arm
sil move mun
smy support con
spa/sc support wes move mid
tus move pie
ukr move sev
war move lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1919 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
England: army/dislodged hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
hol move bel
stp move nwy
PHASE 1919 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
arm hold
bal support den move kie
bel move bur
ber support kie
bul support gre
bur move par
con support smy
eas move smy
eng move mid
fin support nwy move stp
gas support bur move par
gre support bul
hel support den move kie
hol hold
iri support eng move mid
kie support hol
lvn support stp
mid move nat
mos support stp
mun support kie
nrg move bar
nwy move stp
pic move par
por move mid
sev hold
sil hold
smy support con
spa/sc support por move mid
ukr move war
PHASE 1919 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove bar
build Army bud
remove fin
remove nwy
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1920 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
arm hold
bal support den move kie
ber support kie
bud move tri
bul support gre
bur move ruh
con support smy
den move kie
gas move bre
gre support bul
hel support den move kie
hol support kie
iri move lvp
kie support hol
lvn move stp
mar move bur
mos move lvn
mun move ruh
nat move nrg
par support gas move bre
pic move bre
pie move mar
por move mid
sev hold
sil move mun
smy support con
spa/sc support por move mid
stp move fin
swe move nwy
tri move tyr
vie move boh
war move pru
PHASE 1920 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
arm hold
bal support den move kie
ber support mun move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bre support par
bul support gre
bur move par
con support smy
den move kie
eas move smy
eng move bre
fin support stp move nwy
gre support bul
hel support den move kie
hol move bel
kie move hol
lvn support pru
lvp move iri
mid move iri
mar move gas
mun move kie
nrg move edi
nwy move swe
par hold
pic support bur move par
pie move mar
pru support ber
sev hold
sil support tyr move mun
smy support con
spa/sc move mid
stp move nwy
tri move tyr
tyr move mun
PHASE 1920 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove lvp
build Fleet nap
remove par
build Fleet ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1921 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
arm hold
bal move ber
bel hold
ber move kie
boh move sil
bre support gas move par
bul support gre
con support smy
eas move smy
edi move yor
eng support pic move bel
fin move swe
gas move par
gre support bul
hel support kie move hol
hol support ber move kie
kie move hol
lvn hold
mid support bre
mar move bur
mun support ber move kie
nap move ion
nwy support fin move swe
pic move bel
pru support sil move ber
sev move arm
sil move ber
smy support con
spa/sc move por
swe move den
tri hold
tyr hold
ven move adr
vie move boh
PHASE 1921 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
Austria: army/dislodged bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Italy: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Austria: army/dislodged hol
England: fleet hol
Austria: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: army par
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet yor
ORDERS
bel disband
hol move ruh
PHASE 1921 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Italy: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Austria: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: army par
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
arm hold
bal support den move kie
bel move ruh
ber support kie
boh support mun
bre support par
bul support gre
bur move bel
con support smy
den move kie
eas move smy
eng move lon
gre support bul
hel support den move kie
hol support den move kie
ion move aeg
kie support swe move den
lvn move stp
mid move iri
mun support kie
nwy move swe
par support bre
por move mid
pru hold
ruh support kie
sev move arm
sil support ber
smy support con
swe support kie move den
tri hold
tyr support mun
yor move lon
PHASE 1921 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Italy: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1922 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Italy: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
arm support smy
ber move kie
boh hold
bul move con
bur support par move pic
con support smy
eas move smy
gre hold
ion move tys
iri move lvp
mid move eng
mun support ber move kie
nwy move swe
par move pic
pru move ber
ruh support ber move kie
sev move arm
sil support pru move ber
smy support con
stp move nwy
swe move den
tri hold
tyr hold
ven move pie
vie move gal
yor move nth
PHASE 1922 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
England: supply den
Italy: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
smy move syr
PHASE 1922 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
England: supply den
Italy: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy
arm support syr move smy
bel move pic
ber move kie
boh hold
bre hold
bul support smy move con
bur support pic move bel
con support syr move smy
den support mun move kie
eng support bel move pic
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
kie move hol
mid move eng
mun support ber move kie
nth move lon
nwy support swe
pic move bel
ruh support kie move hol
sev move arm
sil move ber
smy support bul move con
swe support nwy
syr move smy
tri hold
tyr support tri
tys move wes
PHASE 1922 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Italy: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army bud
remove eng
remove hel
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
remove syr
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1923 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Italy: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
arm support con move smy
bel support bur
ber hold
boh hold
bre move pic
bud hold
bul hold
bur support bel
con move smy
den hold
gal hold
gre hold
hol move bel
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move nat
mid move eng
mun hold
nap move ion
nwy hold
pie support ven
rom support ven
ruh support kie move hol
sev move arm
sil hold
smy support aeg move con
swe hold
tri support tyr
ven support pie
vie support tyr
wes move mid
PHASE 1923 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
England: fleet/dislodged hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
con move ank
PHASE 1923 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ank support arm move smy
arm move smy
ber support mun
boh support mun
bud hold
bul support gre
con support smy
gal hold
gre support bul
hol support ruh
ion move aeg
mun hold
nwy hold
ruh support hol
sev hold
sil support mun
smy support con
swe hold
tri hold
tyr support mun
vie support tri
PHASE 1923 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
