PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move con
bot move swe
bul support sev move rum
con move smy
den move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move vie
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
nth move bel
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic move bel
ruh support kie move hol
ser move bud
sev move rum
spa hold
stp move fin
tri move vie
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet lvp
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ber move sil
bot move swe
bre move eng
bud move ser
bul move gre
con move aeg
den move bal
fin support bot move swe
gal move boh
hol support nwy move bel
lvp move iri
mun move bur
nth convoy nwy move bel
nrg move nat
par move bur
pic support par move bur
por move mid
ruh support mun move bur
smy move con
spa move gas
tri move bud
ven move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move gre
alb move gre
ank move smy
bal move den
boh move vie
bud move vie
bul support con move gre
con move gre via convoy
eng convoy pic move wal
fin move stp
gal move war
gas support par move bur
hol move bel
iri move mid
mid support eng
mun hold
nat support iri move mid
nap move ion
nth move lon
nwy move stp
par move bur
pic move wal via convoy
rom move ven
ruh support hol move bel
ser support alb move gre
sil move war
swe hold
tun support nap move ion
tyr support bud move vie
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mid move por
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move gre
alb move gre
bel hold
boh support gal
bud move gal
bul support con move gre
bur move pic
con move gre via convoy
den move nth
eng move bre
fin move stp
gal support war move sil
gas move bre
ion support alb move gre
kie move hel
lon move eng
mid move por
mun support sil
nat move iri
nwy move stp
por hold
ruh move kie
ser support alb move gre
sil support mun
smy move syr
tun hold
tyr move boh
ven move tyr
vie support tyr move boh
wal move yor
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel hold
boh move gal
bud support boh move gal
bul move gre
eng move lon
fin move stp
gal move war
gas move spa
gre support tun move ion
hel move nth
ion move eas
iri move eng
kie move den
lon support iri move eng
mid move bre
mun support sil
nth move edi
pic move bre
por move spa/nc
rum move bla
ser support gre
sil support mun
tun move ion
vie support boh move gal
war move pru
yor support eng move lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
lon move wal
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
remove nwy
build Fleet sev
build Army tri
remove wal
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
bel move ruh
ber move pru
bla move rum
bre support por move mid
bud support vie move gal
den move swe
eas move aeg
edi move nrg
eng move bre
gal move ukr
gas move spa
gre support ser move bul
lon move eng
mun support sil
nth move nwy
pic hold
por move mid
pru support war
ser move bul
sev move arm
sil support ber move pru
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
syr move smy
tri move ser
tun move ion
tyr hold
vie move gal
war support pru
yor move lvp
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move ank
ber move pru
bre support lon move eng
bud move gal
bul support ukr move rum
den move swe
eas move aeg
eng move bre
gal move ukr
gre support eas move aeg
ion move tun
lon move eng
lvp hold
mid support eng move bre
mun support sil
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
pic support bre
por move mid
pru support war
ruh move bel
rum move bla
ser support bul
sil support ber move pru
spa hold
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
ukr move rum
war support pru
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move iri
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove iri
build Army kie
remove mid
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support rum move con
ank support rum move con
bel move nwy via convoy
ber move pru
bla convoy rum move con
bre move mid
bul support rum move con
den support nwy move swe
eng move lon
gal move boh
gre move ion
kie move ruh
lvp move yor
mun support sil
nap hold
nth convoy bel move nwy
nwy move swe
par move bur
pic support par move bur
por move spa/sc
pru support war move sil
rum move con via convoy
ser move bud
sil support ber move pru
spa move mar
stp move nwy
swe move bal
tun hold
ukr move gal
vie support gal move boh
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bal move ber
bel move nwy via convoy
ber move kie
boh move mun
bud move gal
bur move mar
con support aeg move smy
den move kie
gal move sil
ion move tys
lon move eng
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun support sil move boh
nap move ion
nth convoy bel move nwy
pic move bur
pru support bal move ber
ruh support mun
sil move boh
spa/sc move gol
swe support bel move nwy
tun move wes
tyr move pie
vie move boh
war support gal move sil
yor move lon
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
build Fleet rom
build Army tri
build Army ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move bal
boh move sil
bur move gas
den move kie
eng convoy lon move pic
gal support sil
ion move tun
kie move ber
lon move pic via convoy
gol support mid move wes
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun support kie move ber
nth move den
nwy move stp
pic move bur
pru move ber
rom move tus
ruh support mun
sil support pru move ber
smy move aeg
swe move bot
tri move tyr
tun move naf
tyr move pie
tys move wes
ven support tyr move pie
vie move boh
war move lvn
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber support den move bal
boh move sil
bot move swe
bur support mun
den move bal
eng move mid
gal move boh
gas hold
kie support ber
gol support wes
mar move pie
mun support boh move sil
naf move mid
nwy move swe
pic hold
ruh support mun
sil move ber
tun support tys move wes
tus move gol
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ven support pie
vie support gal move boh
wes support eng move mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove ank
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support pru move ber
boh support tyr move mun
bur support mun
eng support wes move mid
gas move spa
ion move tys
lvn support stp
gol move wes
mar move spa
naf move mid
pic hold
pru move ber
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc move mid
tun support wes
tus move gol
tyr move mun
ven support pie
vie move tyr
wes support tus move gol
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber
ber support tyr move mun
boh support tyr move mun
bur support mar
eng move mid
gas support spa/sc
lvn support stp
gol move spa/sc
mar hold
naf support wes move mid
pic hold
pie move mar
sil support ber
spa/sc support eng move mid
tun hold
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ven move pie
vie move tyr
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber move kie
ber move kie
boh support mun
bot support nwy move stp
bre hold
bur move mar
den move swe
eng move iri
gas support mar move spa
kie move mun
lvn move stp
gol move spa/sc
mid move nat
mar move spa
mun support ber move kie
naf support wes move mid
nwy move stp
pic move bel
pie move mar
ruh support kie move mun
sil support mun
spa/sc move por
stp move fin
tun move wes
tyr support mun
ven move pie
war move pru
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move bot
bel hold
boh support tyr move mun
bre move eng
bur move mar
fin support lvn move stp
gas support bur move mar
iri move lvp
kie support mun move ruh
lvn move stp
gol support mid move spa
mid move spa/nc
mun move ruh
naf move mid
nat move lvp
pie move mar
por support spa
pru move ber
sil support tyr move mun
spa hold
tyr move mun
vie move tyr
wes support mid move spa
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Germany: army/dislodged ruh
Italy: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Germany: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army mos
build Army rom
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support kie move den
bel hold
ber move kie
bot move fin
bre support por move mid
eng move nth
fin support stp move nwy
gas support mar
iri move lvp
kie move den
gol support pie move mar
mid move por
mar hold
mos move stp
mun move bur
nat move nrg
pie move mar
por move mid
rom move tus
ruh move bel
spa/nc support mid move por
stp move nwy
swe support bot move fin
tyr move mun
ven move pie
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Austria: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move swe
bel move hol
boh move mun
bre support por move mid
bur move bel
den support bal move swe
fin move bot
gas move par
kie support den
lvp move cly
gol support pie move mar
mid move eng
mar move spa
mun move bur
nth support bel move hol
nrg move nth
nwy support bal move swe
pie move mar
por move mid
ruh support bur move bel
spa/nc hold
stp support nwy
swe move ska
tus move pie
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
France: fleet cly
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Austria: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move gas
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
France: fleet cly
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Austria: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bot
remove gas
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
France: fleet cly
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Austria: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
bre move eng
bur support bel move pic
cly support hol move edi
eng move bre
hol move edi via convoy
kie move hol
gol move wes
mid support bre move eng
mar move gas
mos move lvn
mun move ruh
nap move tys
nth convoy hol move edi
nrg move nth
par hold
pie move mar
ruh move bel
sil move mun
ska move den
spa/nc support wes move mid
stp move fin
swe move ska
ven move pie
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
France: fleet cly
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Austria: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move iri
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
France: fleet cly
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Austria: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move hol
bre move eng
bul move rum
bur support gas move par
cly move lvp
edi hold
eng support mid move bre
gas move par
iri move mid
mid move bre
mar move gas
mun move ber
nth move lon
nrg move nth
par move bre
pic move bel
pie move mar
ruh support bel move hol
ska move nwy
spa/nc move por
tys move wes
vie move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Russia: army/dislodged hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Austria: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move pic
hol move kie
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Austria: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove lvp
build Fleet nap
remove pic
build Fleet sev
remove ska
build Army tri
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Austria: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support ruh move kie
bla move ank
bre support por move mid
bud support rum
bur move mun
edi hold
eng move nth
fin move stp
gal move ukr
gas move par
hol support ruh move kie
iri move eng
lon support iri move eng
lvn move pru
mar move bur
nap move ion
nth move ska
par move pic
por move mid
ruh move kie
rum support gal move ukr
sev move rum
swe move bal
tri move ser
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war support lvn move pru
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support den
ber support hol move kie
bre support mid move eng
bud move gal
bur hold
edi hold
eng support nth
gal move ukr
hol move kie
ion move aeg
kie move den
lon move nth
mid move eng
mun support ber
nth move lon
nwy move swe
par hold
pic hold
pru support war
rum support ukr move sev
ser move bul
ska support kie move den
stp move mos
tyr move boh
tys move ion
ukr move sev
war support stp move mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: fleet/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move wal
sev disband
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army vie
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
bal support den
bel move hol
ber move sil
boh support ber move sil
bre support mid move eng
bud move rum
bul support aeg move con
bur hold
con move smy
edi hold
eng move nth
gal move war
hol move kie
ion move aeg
kie move ber
lon hold
mid move eng
mos support war
mun support kie move ber
nth move nwy
par move pic
pic move bel
pru support war
rum move ukr
sev support ukr move mos
ska support nth move nwy
swe move nwy
ukr move mos
vie move gal
wal move iri
war support mos
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Italy: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mos move stp
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Italy: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
bal hold
ber support sil move pru
bre move eng
con move ank
den hold
edi hold
eng move lon
gal move war
hol support kie
iri move eng
kie support ber
lon support iri move eng
mos support gal move war
mun support kie
nth support eng move lon
pru hold
sev support mos
sil move pru
ska support nwy
smy support con move ank
stp hold
swe hold
ukr support gal move war
vie move gal
war hold
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Russia: fleet/dislodged ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Italy: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
France: fleet/dislodged lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Russia: army/dislodged pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
