PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla support ukr move rum
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move aeg
den move swe
edi move yor
eng support pic move bel
kie move hol
nth move lon
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
ruh move mun
ser support alb move gre
smy move con
spa move por
tyr move mun
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Army smy
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move gre
bel move wal
ber move bal
bla move rum
bot move swe
bre move mid
bud support vie move gal
bul support smy move gre
con support bul
den move swe
eng convoy bel move wal
gal support rum move bud
gre hold
hol move bel
ion move tun
lon move nth
lvp move wal
mar move spa/sc
nwy move stp/nc
por hold
ruh support hol move bel
rum move bud
ser support gre
smy move gre via convoy
tri move alb
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie move gal
war move pru
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move bur
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move gre
alb support gre
bal move ber
bel move pic
bla move rum
bot move stp/sc
bud support vie move tri
bul support smy move gre
bur move bel
con support bul
den move swe
eng support bur move bel
gal support rum move bud
lon hold
lvp move iri
mid move nat
mun move sil
nth move eng
por move spa
pru move lvn
ruh move mun
rum move bud
ser support bud
smy move gre via convoy
spa/sc move mid
stp/nc hold
tri hold
ven support tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
remove gre
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army rom
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move gre
alb move tri
bel hold
bot move stp/sc
bud support alb move tri
bul support smy move gre
con support bul
eng move nth
gal move war
iri move eng
lon move yor
lvn support bot move stp
lvp move wal
mid move bre
nat move nrg
nap move apu
nth support iri move eng
par move bre
rom move ven
rum move bud
ser support alb move tri
smy move gre via convoy
spa move gas
tri hold
tun move ion
ven move tyr
vie support alb move tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
eng move lon
stp/nc move nwy
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support gre
apu move adr
bel hold
bud support tri
bul move ser
con move bul
eng move lon
gas move bre
gre support bul move ser
ion hold
lvn move war
mid move iri
nth support eng move lon
par move bre
rum move bud
ser support bud
stp/sc hold
tri support ser
tyr move boh
ven move tyr
vie support tri
wal support eng move lon
war move gal
yor move edi
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
France: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lon move yor
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army mos
remove nwy
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr support tyr move tri
aeg move ion
bel move bur
boh move vie
bud move rum
bul move ser
con move bul
edi support lon move yor
gal move bud
gas move bre
gre support bul move ser
iri move eng
lon move yor
mos move stp
nth support lon move yor
nrg support yor move edi
par move bur
rum support bul move ser
ser support bud move rum
smy move eas
stp/sc move bot
tri support vie move tyr
tyr move tri
vie move tyr
wal move lvp
war hold
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army/dislodged edi
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
edi move cly
ser move alb
tri move ven
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support eas move ion
alb support bud move ser
bel move bur
bot move bal
bre move gas
bud move ser
bul support ser
cly move edi
eas move ion
edi hold
eng move lon
gal support rum move bud
gre support ser
ion move adr
lvp move iri
nth support cly move edi
nrg support edi
par move bur
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
stp move nwy
tri support adr move ven
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie support gal move bud
yor move lon
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
ion move nap
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet bre
remove cly
build Army con
build Army mos
build Army rom
build Fleet stp/nc
remove tyr
remove yor
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support nap move ion
aeg move ion
bal move den
bel support par move pic
bre hold
bud support gal
bul support ser
con move tun via convoy
edi move yor
eng move mid
gal support bud
gas move bur
gre move alb
ion move tun
iri hold
mos move war
nap move ion
nth hold
nwy move swe
par move pic
rom move ven
ser support gre move alb
stp/nc move nwy
tri support rom move ven
ven hold
war move pru
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move ion
alb support ser move tri
bel support pic move bur
bre move eng
bud support gal move vie
bul move gre
bur move gas
con move bul
den support nwy move swe
gal move vie
ion move eas
iri hold
mid support bre move eng
nth hold
nrg move edi
nwy move swe
pic move bur
pru support war move sil
ser move tri
stp/nc move nwy
tri hold
tun support aeg move ion
vie support tri
war move sil
yor move lon
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move tyr
vie move boh
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
build Fleet con
build Army mos
remove nth
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
remove tyr
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
alb support tri
bel hold
bud hold
bul move ser
bur move ruh
con move smy
den move kie
eas move ion
edi move nth
eng move mid
gas move bur
gre move nap via convoy
ion support gre move nap
iri hold
lon move eng
mid move wes
mos move war
nwy move nrg
pru support sil move ber
sil move ber
smy move syr
stp/nc move nwy
swe move den
tri hold
tun support ion
ven move rom
vie move boh
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: fleet/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move tri
bel move hol
ber support sil move mun
boh support sil move mun
bud move vie
bur support mun
den hold
eas move aeg
eng move nth
gre move nap via convoy
ion convoy gre move nap
iri move wal
kie move hol
mid move nat
nth move edi
nrg move edi
nwy move nth
pru hold
rom move ven
ruh support mun
ser support alb move tri
sil move mun
smy support syr move eas
syr move eas
tri move tyr
tun move tys
ven move tri
war move sil
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
remove rom
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bel move hol
ber move kie
boh move mun
bur support mun
con hold
den move swe
eas support smy move aeg
eng move lon
ion support smy move aeg
kie move hel
mid move iri
mar move gol
mos move stp
nat move cly
nap move rom
nth support bel move hol
nrg move cly
nwy move nth
pru move ber
ruh support mun
ser move gre
sil support boh move mun
smy move aeg
stp/nc move bar
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
tys support nap move rom
ven move tri
vie move tyr
wal move iri
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet/dislodged aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: fleet/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg disband
ven disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move gre
bar move nwy
ber support kie
boh move mun
bur move mun
con move gre via convoy
eas move ion
gal move bud
hel move nth
hol support ruh move kie
ion move tys
kie hold
lon hold
gol support mid move wes
mid move wes
nat move lvp
nth move edi
nrg move edi
nwy move ska
ruh move kie
ser move tri
sil support boh move mun
stp move fin
swe move den
tri move ven
tyr support boh move mun
tys move wes
ven move pie
wal move eng
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
remove eng
build Army mar
build Army par
build Army smy
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg hold
ber move kie
bud hold
bur support ruh
con move bul
den hold
eas move ion
gre hold
hel support nwy move nth
hol move kie
ion move tun
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move nat
gol move tys
mar move pie
mun move ruh
nth move edi
nrg support nwy move nth
nwy move nth
par move pic
pie move mar
rom hold
ruh support hol move kie
sil hold
smy hold
stp/nc move nwy
tri support ven
tyr move mun
tys support ion move tun
ven support pie
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet/dislodged tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tys move tus
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber move kie
bud hold
bul hold
bur move mun
den support ber move kie
edi move nrg
fin hold
gre hold
hel support kie move hol
hol move kie
kie move hol
lon move nth
mar move pie
mun move ruh
nat support edi move nrg
nth support kie move hol
nrg move cly
nwy move nrg
pic move bel
pie move mar
rom hold
ruh support bur move mun
sil move mun
ska support nth
smy hold
tri support ven
tun support ion move tys
tus support ion move tys
tyr support mun
tys move tun
ven support pie
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Turkey: fleet/dislodged tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move boh
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army par
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move hol
boh move mun
bre move eng
bud hold
bul hold
cly move lvp
den move yor
fin move stp
gre hold
hel support nth
hol support kie move ruh
ion move nap
kie move ruh
lon move nth
mar move pie
mun move ber
nat move lvp
nth convoy den move yor
nrg move edi
nwy move nrg
par move bur
pie move mar
rom hold
ruh move mun
sil support boh move mun
ska move nwy
smy hold
tri move ven
tun hold
tus move gol
tyr support boh move mun
ven move pie
wes move gol
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber support bur move mun
bud move gal
bul hold
bur move mun
cly move nat
edi move nrg
eng support lon move nth
gre hold
hel support hol
hol hold
ion support nap move tys
kie support sil move ber
lon move nth
mar move pie
mun hold
nat move lvp
nap move tys
nth hold
nrg support yor move edi
nwy support nth
pie move mar
rom hold
ruh support bur move mun
sil move ber
smy hold
stp move fin
tri move ven
tun hold
tus support ion move tys
tyr support mun
ven move pie
wes move gol
yor move edi
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
France: army/dislodged ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
France: fleet/dislodged edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
edi move cly
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove gol
build Army mos
build Fleet stp/nc
remove tun
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel support ruh move hol
ber hold
bul move gre
bur support bel
cly move lvp
edi support nrg move cly
eng move mid
fin move swe
gal move war
gre move tun via convoy
hel support nwy move nth
hol support kie move ruh
ion convoy gre move tun
kie move ruh
lon move eng
lvp move nat
mar move pie
mos move lvn
mun hold
nat support nrg move cly
nth move yor
nrg move cly
nwy move nth
pie move mar
pru move war
rom hold
ruh move hol
smy move con
stp/nc move nwy
tri move ven
tus move gol
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ven move pie
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
Russia: army/dislodged hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
hol move kie
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
bel support hol
ber hold
bur move ruh
cly move lvp
con move bul
edi support cly move lvp
eng move lon
gal move war
gre move tun via convoy
hel support kie move hol
hol hold
ion convoy gre move tun
kie move hol
lvn support gal move war
lvp move cly
gol support pie move mar
mid move nat
mar move pie
mun move bur
nat move iri
nth support yor move lon
nwy move nrg
pie move mar
pru move war
rom hold
ruh support kie move hol
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tun move spa via convoy
tyr move boh
ven move pie
wes convoy tun move spa
yor move lon
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: fleet lvp
France: fleet/dislodged lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
lvp move wal
mar move gas
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bur
build Fleet con
remove gas
remove nat
build Fleet sev
build Army smy
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bel move bur
boh move sil
bul move gre
con move aeg
edi move yor
eng move mid
hel support kie move hol
hol move bel
ion hold
iri support lvp move wal
kie move hol
lon support nth move eng
lvn move pru
lvp move wal
gol move tys
mar move gas
mun support ruh
nth move eng
nrg move nat
nwy hold
pie move mar
pru move war
rom hold
ruh support kie move hol
sev move rum
smy hold
spa move por
tun move spa via convoy
ven move pie
wal move lon
war support lvn move pru
wes convoy tun move spa
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move gre
bel move hol
ber move mun
bur move bel
con move bul
eng hold
gas move bre
gre move nap via convoy
hel support hol
hol support ruh
ion convoy gre move nap
iri move mid
lon move nth
mid move bre
mar support spa move gas
mun move bur
nat support iri move mid
nwy hold
pie support mar
pru move ber
rom hold
ruh support mun move bur
rum hold
sil move boh
smy move gre via convoy
spa move gas
tys hold
wal move iri
war move gal
wes move gol
yor move wal
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move par
mid disband
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: army por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Fleet sev
build Army smy
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: army por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel support par move bur
ber support mun
boh move vie
bre move par
bul hold
bur support gas move par
eng support spa move bre
gal move bud
gas move par
gre move nap via convoy
hel move nth
hol support ruh
ion convoy gre move nap
iri convoy wal move cly
gol convoy nap move spa
mid convoy spa move bre
mar move gas
mun support ber
nat convoy wal move cly
nap move spa via convoy
nth move nrg
nwy hold
par move bur
pie move mar
por hold
rom hold
ruh support hol
rum hold
sev move bla
smy move gre via convoy
spa move bre via convoy
tys convoy nap move spa
wal move cly
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: army bre
France: army/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army/dislodged bur
Russia: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: army por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move pic
bur move pic
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: army por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
bel support bur move ruh
ber move mun
bla hold
bre support gas move par
bud hold
bul hold
bur move ruh
cly hold
eng move pic
gas move par
hol support por move bel
ion move gre
iri move eng
gol convoy rom move spa
mid convoy por move bel
mar move bur
mun move bur
nat convoy por move bel
nth convoy por move bel
nrg convoy por move bel
nwy hold
pie move mar
por move bel via convoy
rom move spa via convoy
ruh support mun move bur
rum hold
smy move arm
spa move gas
tys convoy rom move spa
vie hold
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Turkey: army bel
Turkey: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: army cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
Turkey: supply par
Russia: fleet pic
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet sev
build Army smy
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Turkey: army bel
Turkey: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: army bre
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: army cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
Turkey: supply par
Russia: fleet pic
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
