PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move eng
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
ven hold
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu move tun via convoy
bla move ank
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move bul/sc
den move nth
eng support pic move bel
gal move rum
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move den
nth move lon
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
ruh move hol
sev move arm
smy move ank
ven move tyr
yor move lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
build Army par
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army ven
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank support smy move arm
arm move ank
ber move bal
bla move bul/ec
bre move eng
bul/sc move aeg
con move bla
den move ska
eng move iri
gre move ser
hol hold
ion convoy tun move alb
kie move den
lon move eng
mun move sil
nth support lon move eng
nwy support den move swe
par move pic
rum move ser
sev move rum
smy move arm
spa move por
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tun move alb via convoy
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
yor move wal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: army/dislodged arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move syr
nwy move bar
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
alb move ser
ank move con
arm move smy
bal support den move swe
bar move nwy
bla support aeg move bul
bre move eng
bud move tri
bul/ec move con
den move swe
eng hold
gre support aeg move bul
hol support bel
ion move aeg
iri support bre move eng
nth support eng
nwy move stp/nc
rum move bul
sev move rum
sil move war
ska support den move swe
swe move nwy
syr move smy
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
vie support bud move tri
wal move lvp
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move bot
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
remove sev
build Army ven
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move smy
arm support ank move smy
bal convoy swe move lvn
bar move nwy
ber move mun
bla support bul/sc
bot move stp/sc
bre move eng
bul/sc support gre
eng hold
gre support bul/sc
hol support bel
iri support bre move eng
kie move den
lvp hold
mar move spa/sc
nap move ion
nth support eng
pic move bre
rum move bul
ser move bud
ska move swe
stp/nc move nwy
swe move lvn via convoy
syr move smy
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
ven move tri
war support swe move lvn
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal move bot
bar move nwy
bla support arm move sev
bot move stp/sc
bre move eng
bul/sc move con
con move bul/sc
den move nth
eng hold
gre move bul
hol support bel
ion move gre
iri support bre move eng
lvn hold
lvp hold
mun move sil
nth support eng
rum move bul
ser support ion move gre
smy support bul/sc move con
spa/sc move mid
stp/nc move bar
swe support bal move bot
syr move smy
tri move bud
tyr move tri
vie support tri move bud
war move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Turkey: army/dislodged gre
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
eng move lon
gre move alb
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
remove bar
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
remove rum
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bla support sev move rum
bot move swe
bud move rum
bul/sc move con
con support ser move bul
den move hel
eng support den move nth
gre support ser move bul
hol hold
iri convoy por move wal
lon move eng
lvn move stp
lvp hold
mid convoy por move wal
mos support lvn move stp
mun move bur
nap move tys
nth support lon move eng
nwy move nth
pic move bre
por move wal via convoy
rom move tus
ser move bul
sev move rum
sil move war
smy support bul/sc move con
stp/sc move fin
swe move den
tri move ven
ven move pie
vie move gal
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Italy: fleet/dislodged con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Russia: fleet fin
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
con move ank
eng move pic
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bla support rum move bul
bre move par
bud support gal move rum
bul move ser
bur move mar
con support smy move ank
den support hel move nth
eng move iri
fin support nwy move swe
gal move rum
gre move bul/sc
hol support bel
iri move lvp
lvp hold
mid move eng
mos move sev
nth move lon
nwy support stp
pic support bel
pie hold
rum move bul
smy move ank
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tus move gol
tys move wes
ven hold
wal support iri move lvp
war move ukr
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Italy: fleet/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army/dislodged lvp
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank disband
lvp move cly
nwy move nth
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove cly
remove fin
build Army kie
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
remove nth
build Fleet rom
build Army smy
remove syr
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel move ruh
ber move sil
bla support ank move arm
bud move rum
con move bul/ec
den move nth
eng move bel
gre move aeg
hel support den move nth
hol move bel
iri move eng
kie move ruh
lon support iri move eng
lvp move nat
gol move spa/sc
mar move bur
mun support mar move bur
nap move ion
nwy move nrg
par move bur
pic move bre
pie move mar
rom move tys
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move arm
smy move ank
stp move nwy
ukr move sev
ven move tri
wal move lvp
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
eng move pic
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move smy
arm support ank move smy
bel move ruh
bla move bul/ec
bur move bel
con support bla move bul
eng move nth
hel support nth
hol support bur move bel
ion move eas
kie move ruh
lon support eng move nth
mid move por
mar hold
mun move bur
nth support bur move bel
nrg convoy nwy move cly
nwy move cly via convoy
par move bur
pic move bel
rum support bul
ser move gre
sev hold
sil move war
spa/sc hold
tri move ser
tys move wes
ukr support sev
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bla
remove lvp
build Fleet nap
remove pic
build Fleet rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy gre move syr
arm move syr
bel support mun move bur
ber move sil
bul support rum
cly support hol move edi
con move bla
eas convoy gre move syr
eng move nth
gre move syr via convoy
hel support nth
hol move edi via convoy
kie move ruh
lon support eng move nth
mar hold
mun move bur
nat move nrg
nap move tys
nth convoy hol move edi
nrg support hol move edi
por support wes move mid
rom move tus
rum hold
ser move bud
sev move arm
spa/sc support wes move mid
ukr move sev
ven move tri
war move ukr
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy gre move syr
bel move pic
bud move rum
bul move con
bur support bel move pic
cly move lvp
eas convoy gre move syr
edi support cly move lvp
eng hold
gre move syr via convoy
hel support nth
lon hold
mid move gas
mar support mid move gas
nat move nrg
nth support lon
nrg move nat
par support bre
por support spa/sc move mid
ruh move bel
rum move bul
sev hold
sil hold
smy move syr
spa/sc move mid
tri move bud
tus move gol
tys move wes
ukr support sev
war move mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
remove lon
build Army mun
remove nat
build Army rom
remove smy
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
arm move syr
bel hold
bud support rum
bul support aeg move con
bur move par
con move smy
eas support con move smy
edi move yor
eng move bre
gas move bre
gre move ser
hel move nth
kie move hel
lvp move wal
gol move mar
mid support gas move bre
mar move gas
mos move sev
mun move bur
nth move lon
nrg move nat
pic support bur move par
por move spa/nc
rom move ven
rum hold
sev move arm
sil hold
ukr support mos move sev
ven move tri
wes hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
arm move ank
bel hold
bre hold
bul move con
bur move gas
con support smy move ank
eas move smy
eng hold
gas support bre
hel move nth
lon support nth move eng
mid support bre
nat move mid
nth move eng
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
ser move bul
sev move arm
sil move war
smy move ank
spa/nc support gas
tri move vie
ukr move sev
wal support lon
yor support lon
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
eng move iri
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bla
remove iri
build Army kie
build Army mun
build Army nap
build Army rom
remove syr
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
