PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move ukr
nap move ion
par move bre
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
bla move rum
bot move swe
bre move naf
con move aeg
edi move nwy via convoy
ion move tun
kie move den
mid convoy bre move naf
nth move bel
nrg convoy edi move nwy
ser support alb move gre
tyr move boh
ukr support bla move rum
ven move tyr
vie hold
war move pru
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Fleet tri
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move nth
ber support mun
boh move gal
bud support boh move gal
bul hold
con support bul
edi move nrg
gre move ion
hol move hel
kie support mun
lon hold
mid move wes
mar move gol
naf move tun
nap move tys
nrg move bar
nwy support kie move swe
pru move lvn
ser move bul
smy move aeg
stp move fin
swe move bal
tri move alb
tun move wes
tyr hold
ukr move gal
vie move tri
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
alb move ion
bal move swe
bar support nwy move stp
ber move sil
boh move gal
bud support boh move gal
bul move gre
con support bul
fin support lvn move stp
gre support alb move ion
kie move ber
lon hold
lvn move stp
gol convoy spa move tus
mid move por
nth move ska
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp
rum support con move bul
ser support gre
smy move eas
spa move tus via convoy
tri move tyr
tun support alb move ion
tyr move pie
tys support alb move ion
ukr move gal
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mar
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
bar move stp/nc
boh move tyr
bud hold
bul move gre
con move bul
eas move ion
fin support lvn move stp
gre move bul/sc
ion move tun
lon hold
lvn move stp
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mun support sil move boh
naf move tun
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
pie move ven
por move mid
rum support con move bul
ser support gre move bul
sil move boh
ska support nwy move swe
swe move nwy
tun move wes
tus move ven
tyr move pie
tys support tun move wes
ukr move gal
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Italy: army/dislodged boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move vie
swe move bot
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
bar move stp/nc
ber move pru
boh support mun move tyr
bot support stp
bud move rum
bul support rum
con support bul
den move kie
eas move ion
fin move nwy
gal support rum
gre support ion
ion support gre
lon hold
gol move tys
mid move wes
mun move tyr
naf move tun
nwy support bar move stp
pie move ven
rum support bul
ser support bud move rum
ska support swe
stp support fin
swe move fin
tus support pie move ven
tyr move ven
tys support ion
vie move gal
war move mos
wes move naf
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tyr move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bot
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
build Army par
remove ser
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
bar support nwy move stp
boh support tyr move vie
bre move mid
bud support vie move gal
bul move gre
con support bul
eas move ion
edi move nth
fin move stp
gal move war
gre move aeg
ion move tun
lon hold
gol move tys
mos support fin move stp
naf support ion move tun
nwy move stp/nc
par move gas
pru move war
ska move den
stp move lvn
swe move fin
tri move ser
tun support wes move naf
tus move rom
tyr move vie
tys move ion
ven support tus move rom
vie move gal
wes move naf
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move ukr
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
bar move stp/nc
boh support vie
bud move rum
bul support rum
con support bul
den move bal
eas move ion
fin move stp
gal support bud move rum
gas move par
gre move bul/sc
ion move aeg
kie move den
lon move nwy via convoy
lvn move war
gol move tys
mid support wes move naf
mos support fin move stp
naf move wes
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move ska
pru move war
rum support bul
ser support gre move bul
swe move fin
tys move nap
ukr support rum
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
wes move naf
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army mar
build Army mun
remove nap
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion move gre
bal move bot
bar support nwy move stp
boh move vie
bud support gal move rum
bul support ion move gre
con support bul
den move lvn via convoy
fin support nwy move stp
gal move rum
gre move bul/sc
ion move gre
lvn move pru
mos move war
mun move boh
naf move wes
nth hold
nwy move stp
pru move war
rom move nap
rum hold
ser support gal move rum
ska move swe
stp hold
tri support vie move bud
tys move ion
ukr support mos move war
vie move bud
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move gal
gre move alb
rum move sev
stp move mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support tun move gre
bar support stp
boh move sil
bot convoy fin move lvn
bul support ukr move rum
con support bul
den move kie
fin move lvn via convoy
gal support pru move war
gre support aeg move ion
ion convoy tun move gre
lvn move pru
mar move pie
mos move stp
nth hold
par move bur
pru move war
rum support ser
ser support tun move gre
sev support ukr move rum
stp support fin move lvn
swe hold
tun move gre via convoy
ukr move rum
war support lvn move pru
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move eas
war move ukr
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ber
build Army edi
remove gal
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
remove pru
remove sev
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bar move nrg
ber move pru
bot hold
bud move rum
bul move ser
con move bul
edi move nwy via convoy
gre move aeg
ion support smy move eas
lvn support stp move mos
mar move gol
mos move war
nth convoy edi move nwy
pie move ven
rum support bul move ser
ser support bud move rum
sil move war
smy move eas
stp move mos
swe move ska
tri move ser
tys move ion
ukr support mos move war
vie move gal
war move ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
bot hold
bul move ser
con move bul
ion support aeg move eas
lvn move mos
gol convoy tun move mar
mos move sev
nth hold
nrg hold
nwy move stp
rum move gal
ser hold
ska hold
smy support aeg move eas
tun move mar via convoy
tys convoy tun move mar
ukr support war
war support rum move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet/dislodged eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
eas move syr
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
remove war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: fleet syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bot move bal
bre move pic
bul move rum
bur move bel
con move bul
eas move syr
edi move nwy via convoy
gal support ukr move rum
ion move tun
lon move bel via convoy
gol convoy mar move tun
mid move eng
mar move tun via convoy
mos support stp move lvn
nth convoy lon move bel
nrg convoy edi move nwy
ser hold
sev support bul move rum
ska move den
smy support eas move syr
stp move lvn
tri support ven move tyr
tys convoy mar move tun
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move ber
bul move gre
bur move mun
con move bul
den hold
eng support pic move bel
gal move war
ion move tun
lon move hol via convoy
lvn move war
gol move wes
mos support lvn move war
nth convoy lon move hol
nrg move nat
nwy move stp
pic move bel
ser move gre
sev move ukr
smy move con
syr move eas
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
tys move tun
ukr support gal move war
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army par
remove ukr
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support bur move ruh
ber move kie
bre move mid
bul move rum
bur move ruh
con move bul
den support ber move kie
eas move ion
edi move bel via convoy
eng move iri
gal move rum
hol support edi move bel
ion move adr
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mar support par move bur
mos move ukr
nat move mid
nth convoy edi move bel
par move bur
ser move bul
sev support mos move ukr
smy move aeg
stp move mos
tri support vie move bud
tys support wes move tun
vie move bud
war support mos move ukr
wes move tun
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support bul move gre
bel hold
bre move mid
bul move gre
bur support pic move bel
con move bul
den move hel
eng support bre move mid
gal move vie
hol support bel
kie hold
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mos move war
nat support lvp move iri
nth support bel
pic move bel
ruh support pic move bel
ser move bul
sev move rum
tri move ven
tun move ion
tys support tun move ion
ukr support sev move rum
war move pru
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
ion move alb
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support alb move ion
alb move ion
bel support hol move ruh
bud move vie
bur move mun
con move bul
edi move yor
eng support mid
gre support con move bul
hel move hol
hol move ruh
ion move eas
iri support nat move mid
kie hold
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mid support eng
mar move bur
nat move mid
nap move apu
nth support lon move eng
pru move ber
ruh support bur move mun
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
tri support bud move vie
tys move ion
ukr move gal
vie move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
England: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
eng move bre
mid move por
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
apu support tri move ven
bel move pic
ber move mun
bud hold
bul move ser
eas move smy
eng support mid move bre
gal move bud
gre support bul move ser
hol support bel
ion move tun
iri move mid
kie move hel
mid move bre
nth convoy yor move den
ruh support ber move mun
rum support gal move bud
sil support ber move mun
tri move ven
tyr move tri
tys move ion
vie move tyr
wal move iri
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
England: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
France: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ven
France: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
bre move gas
bud move vie
ven move adr
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
France: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
