PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun hold
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move nap
sev move rum
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move aeg
den move swe
gal move vie
ion convoy nap move tun
kie move hol
mid move spa/sc
mun move sil
nap move tun
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg support yor move nwy
pic move bel
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
smy move con
spa move por
stp move nwy
tri move bud
ven hold
yor move nwy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bel hold
ber move pru
bot move swe
bre move mid
bud move vie
bul support aeg move gre
con support bul
den hold
gre support ion move aeg
hol hold
ion convoy tun move apu
lon move nth
mar move gol
mos move stp
mun move boh
nap move tys
nth move nrg
nrg move bar
nwy move stp
par move gas
por move spa
rum hold
ser support gre
sil move war
smy move eas
spa/sc move wes
stp move fin
tri support bud move vie
tun move apu
ven move pie
vie move bud
war hold
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
vie move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
apu move ven
bar move stp/nc
bel hold
boh move mun
bul hold
con support bul
den support nwy move swe
eas move ion
fin move nwy
gas move mar
gre hold
ion move tun
gol support gas move mar
mid convoy spa move naf
mos support war
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
pie move mar
pru support sil move war
rum hold
ser support gre
sil move war
spa move naf via convoy
swe support fin move nwy
tri support vie
tyr move mun
tys move tun
vie support tri
war hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move nap
swe move bal
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
remove fin
build Army lon
remove rum
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion move gre
bal move kie
bel hold
boh move gal
bud move rum
bul support ion move gre
con support bul
den hold
edi move nth
gre hold
hol move kie
ion move gre
lon hold
gol support wes move tys
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support war
naf move tun
nth move den
nwy move ska
pru move ber
ser support bud move rum
sil move mun
stp/nc hold
swe support nth move den
tri support vie
tyr move mun
vie support tri
war move sil
wes move tys
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move hel
gre move alb
tys move rom
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move gre
bal move ber
bel support hol
ber move mun
bul support gre
con support bul
den support nth move hel
gal move war
gre support bul
hel move kie
hol support hel move kie
lon hold
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos move sev
nap support rom move tys
nth move hel
rom move tys
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sil support gal move war
ska move nth
stp/nc support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move bud
tun move tus via convoy
tyr move mun
tys convoy tun move tus
ven move pie
vie move bud
war hold
wes support tys
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
war move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Fleet edi
remove tyr
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
ank move bla
bel move hol
ber support kie
bul move rum
con move bul
den move kie
edi move nrg
gre support con move bul
hel support lon move hol
hol support kie
kie support hol
lon move hol
gol move tys
mos hold
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy move stp
pie move ven
rum support vie move gal
ser hold
sev support bul move rum
sil move mun
stp/nc move bar
tri move vie
tus support tys move rom
tys move rom
vie move gal
war move mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: army/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
hol move ruh
rum move ukr
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bar move nrg
bel support ruh move hol
ber support kie
bla support sev move rum
bul support rum move ser
den move kie
gal move war
gre support ion
hel move hol
hol move bel
ion support nap
kie support ruh move hol
mos hold
mun support kie
nap move tys
nth support hol move bel
nrg move nat
pie support tus move ven
rom support tys move nap
ruh move hol
rum move ser
ser support vie move tri
sev move rum
stp hold
tri move adr
tus move ven
tys move nap
ukr move mos
ven move rom
vie move tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
ser move bud
ven move tyr
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
build Fleet lon
remove nap
build Army par
build Army sev
remove ukr
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
ber support mun move kie
bla support rum
bre move mid
bud move ser
bul move ser
con move aeg
den support hel move kie
gal support rum
gre support ion
hel move kie
ion support ser move alb
kie move bal
lon move eng
mos hold
mun move kie
nat move iri
nth support lon move eng
nrg move nat
par move bur
pic move bel
pie move mar
rom move nap
ruh move hol
rum support bul move ser
ser move alb
sev move ukr
stp hold
tri support bud move ser
tun support tys move ion
tyr move vie
tys move ion
ven support tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
alb support bul move ser
bal move den
bel support hol
ber move kie
bla support rum
bud support gal move vie
bul move ser
bur support bel
den move swe
eng move bre
gal move vie
gre support ion
hel move den
hol support ber move kie
ion support alb
iri support nat move mid
mid move bre
mar move spa
mos move war
mun move ruh
nat move mid
nth support ruh move hol
ruh move hol
rum support bul move ser
stp hold
tri support gal move vie
tun move wes
tys move tun
ukr support mos move war
ven move apu
vie move bud
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move gas
vie move boh
war move lvn
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove boh
build Fleet bre
remove lvn
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
remove ruh
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
apu hold
bal move swe
bel support hol
bla move con
bre support wes move mid
bud support tri move ser
bur support bel
eng support mid
gas support wes move mid
gre support aeg move ion
hel move den
hol support kie
ion move adr
iri support mid
kie support hol
mid hold
mar move spa/sc
mos hold
mun move kie
nap move tys
nth support hel move den
rum move bud
ser support alb move tri
spa move por
swe support hel move den
tri move ser
tun move tys
ukr move gal
vie move tri
war support ukr move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri move tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
apu move ven
bal move den
bel support hol
bre support spa/sc move mid
bud support tyr move tri
bur support bel
con move aeg
den support swe
eng support mid move bre
gal support rum move bud
gas support spa/sc move mid
gre move ion
hol support bel
ion move apu
iri move mid
kie support bal move den
mid move bre
mos hold
nap move tys
nth support den
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
spa/sc move mid
swe support den
tri support rum move bud
tun move tys
tyr move tri
vie support tyr move tri
war move lvn
wes support spa/sc move mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move pic
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bur
build Fleet lon
build Fleet smy
remove tyr
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move ion
apu support ion move nap
bal move den
bel support hol
bre move pic
bud move vie
den support lon move nth
eng support nth move bel
gal support bud move vie
gas support mid move bre
hol support bel
ion move nap
iri support eng
kie support bal move den
lon move nth
lvn support mos move stp
mid move bre
mos move stp
mun hold
nap move tys
nth move bel
pic support mid move bre
por move spa
ser move tri
smy move eas
stp hold
swe support den
tri move ven
tun move ion
ven support vie move tri
vie move tri
war move sil
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
France: army/dislodged ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
stp move nwy
ven move rom
vie move tyr
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg move ion
apu move nap
bal move kie
bel support hol
bre support pic move eng
den move kie
eas support aeg move ion
eng move bel
gal move boh
gas support mid
hol support bal move kie
iri support lon move eng
kie move ber
lon move eng
mid move nat
mun support kie move ber
nap move rom
nth support eng move bel
nwy move stp
pic move eng
rom support tyr move ven
ser move tri
sil support gal move boh
spa move mar
stp support lvn
swe move bal
tun move ion
tyr move ven
tys support rom
ven support nap move rom
vie hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: army/dislodged bel
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army mos
remove rom
build Army smy
remove tyr
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
apu move nap
bal move kie
bel support nth move hol
ber move sil
boh move mun
bre support pic move eng
con move bul
den support bal move kie
eas move aeg
gas move mid
hol hold
ion support apu move nap
iri move lvp
kie support hol
lon move eng
lvn support war move pru
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun support ber move sil
nat support gas move mid
nap move rom
nth move hol
pic move eng
sil support boh move mun
smy move arm
stp move fin
tri move bud
tun support tys
ven support nap move rom
vie move tyr
war move pru
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army/dislodged hol
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol move ruh
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bel support lon move eng
boh move mun
bre move eng
bud move vie
bul move rum
den support kie
eng move wal
fin support stp move nwy
hol support kie
ion move tys
kie support ber
lon move eng
lvn move stp
lvp move nat
mid move iri
nat support mid move iri
nap support ion move tys
nwy hold
pie move ven
pru move ber
rom support ion move tys
sil support pru move ber
stp move nwy
tun support tys
tyr support boh move mun
tys support tun
ven move pie
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
England: army/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move bur
nwy move swe
tys move wes
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bur
build Army con
build Army lon
remove pie
remove ruh
build Army smy
remove tyr
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel move pic
ber hold
bre move pic
con move bul
den support swe
eng move iri
fin support nwy move swe
hol move nth
ion support nap move tys
iri move mid
kie support ber
lon move wal
lvp move nat
mun move boh
nat support wal move lvp
nap move tys
nwy move swe
pru move war
rom move tus
rum move gal
sev move mos
sil move gal
smy move con
stp move mos
swe hold
tun move wes
tys move gol
ven move pie
vie move tyr
wal move lvp
wes move gol
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: fleet/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
lvp move cly
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move pic
ber move mun
boh support sil move gal
bre move eng
bul move rum
cly support iri move lvp
con move bul
den support swe
fin move stp
ion move tun
iri move lvp
kie move ber
lvp support mid move iri
mid move iri
nat support lvp
nap move apu
nth move nwy
nwy move swe
pie move mar
rum move bud
sev move ukr
sil move gal
stp move mos
swe hold
tri hold
tus move gol
tyr move vie
tys support tus move gol
wal support iri move lvp
war move ukr
wes support tun
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove boh
build Army con
build Fleet lon
remove nwy
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move smy
apu move ion
arm move sev
ber support den move kie
bud support rum move gal
bul move rum
cly support lvp
con move bul
den move kie
eng move bre
gal support war move ukr
ion move tun
iri move lvp
lon move eng
lvp support wal
gol move wes
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nat move nrg
nth move bel
pic move bre
rum move gal
sev move ukr
smy move aeg
stp move mos
swe hold
tri move adr
tun move naf
tys support ion move tun
vie support rum move gal
wal support lvp
war move ukr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move boh
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy smy move ven
aeg convoy smy move ven
arm move sev
bel support lon move eng
ber move kie
boh move mun
bud move gal
bul move ser
cly move edi
eng move bre
gal move sil
ion convoy smy move ven
iri move lvp
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move iri
gol support tys move wes
mar move spa
mos move sev
naf move mid
nrg move nth
pic move bre
ruh move mun
rum support sev move ukr
sev move ukr
smy move ven via convoy
stp move nwy
swe move nwy
tun support tys move wes
tys move wes
vie support bud move gal
war hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
wes move naf
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army smy
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy smy move ven
aeg convoy smy move ven
arm move sev
bel support hol
boh move sil
edi move nth
eng move bre
gal move war
hol support bel
ion convoy smy move ven
iri move eng
kie move ber
lvp move iri
gol move spa/sc
mid move bre
mar move gas
mos support war
naf move mid
nth move lon
pic support eng move bre
ruh move bur
rum move gal
ser move bud
sil support gal move war
smy move ven via convoy
stp support mos
swe move den
tun move naf
ukr support gal move war
ven move tyr
vie support ven move tyr
wal move lon
war support mos
wes support tun move naf
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg hold
bel move eng
ber hold
boh move sil
bre support bel move eng
bud move vie
bur move mar
den hold
edi support hol move nth
eng support nth move lon
gal move war
gas move par
hol move nth
ion move tys
iri support bel move eng
mid move por
mos support war
naf move mid
nth move lon
pic support bre
rum move gal
sev move mos
sil support vie move boh
spa/sc move mar
stp support mos
tyr move mun
ukr support gal move war
ven move tyr
vie move boh
wal move lon
war support mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
nth move bel
war move lvn
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
Turkey: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
