PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move bur
mos move stp
nap move tys
par move pic
rom move tus
sev move rum
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move bla
kie move hol
mid move spa/sc
mun move ber
nth move nwy
nrg move bar
pic move bel
pie move mar
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sil move mun
smy move arm
stp move nwy
tri move ser
tus move tun via convoy
tys convoy tus move tun
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bul move con
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
bar move stp/nc
bel support bur move ruh
ber support kie move mun
bla move bul/ec
bud move vie
bul support rum
bur move ruh
con support bla move bul
den move swe
gre move aeg
hol move bel
kie move mun
mar support spa/sc move gol
mos move stp
mun move ber
nap move tys
nth move nwy
par move bur
pie move mar
ser support bul
spa/sc move gol
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move alb
tun hold
tys move gol
vie move boh
war move sil
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
alb move gre
arm move sev
bar move stp/sc
bel support ruh move hol
ber support mun
bla support con move bul
boh support sil move mun
bul move con
bur move mar
con move bul
den move kie
hol support den move kie
lon move bel via convoy
mar move gol
nap move tys
nth move nwy
pie move ven
ruh move hol
rum move bla
ser move bul
sev move arm
sil move mun
spa/sc support bur move mar
tun hold
tyr move ven
tys move wes
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
con move smy
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bla
build Fleet edi
build Army par
remove sil
build Army tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move eas
arm support con move ank
bar move nrg
bel move ruh
ber move kie
boh move sil
con support smy move ank
edi move nth
gre move aeg
hol support bel move ruh
kie move den
lon move yor
gol hold
mar hold
mos support stp
mun support ber move kie
nwy move ska
par move gas
pie move mar
rum hold
sev move arm
smy move syr
spa/sc support gol
stp hold
swe move nwy
tun move naf
tyr move ven
tys move gol
vie move boh
wes move mid
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
boh move mun
bul move ser
con move ank
den support kie
eas move smy
gas move spa
hol support ruh move kie
kie support mun
gol support mar move pie
mid convoy naf move por
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun support kie
naf move por via convoy
nth support ska move nwy
nrg move nat
nwy move nth
pie move ven
ruh move kie
rum move bla
sev support rum move bla
sil support boh move mun
ska move nwy
spa/sc move por
stp support nwy
tri support pie move ven
tys hold
ven move rom
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Russia: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
mun move ber
nwy move swe
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army bud
remove naf
remove syr
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move con
ber support kie move mun
bud move vie
den move hel
gas support gol move spa
hol support ruh move kie
kie move mun
gol move spa/sc
mun move ber
nat move iri
nth convoy yor move bel
nwy hold
pie move tyr
ruh move kie
ser move tri
sil support mun move ber
smy move aeg
spa/sc move mid
tri move tyr
tys move rom
ven support tys move rom
vie move boh
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Russia: army/dislodged rom
Italy: fleet rom
Russia: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Russia: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel hold
ber support hel move kie
boh support vie move tyr
con move bul
gas move bur
hel move kie
hol move kie
ion move tys
iri move mid
kie move den
gol move wes
mos support war
mun support pru move ber
nth move hol
nwy hold
pru move ber
rom hold
ser move bud
sev hold
sil support ber
spa/sc move por
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri support vie move tyr
ven move pie
vie move tyr
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Russia: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move nrg
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
remove pru
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel hold
ber support hel move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bul move gre
bur move bel
den move kie
hel move kie
hol support den move kie
ion move tun
iri move eng
mar move spa/sc
mun support hel move kie
nap move rom
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy hold
pie move mar
por support mar move spa
rom move tus
sil support tyr move mun
stp/nc move bar
tri move tyr
tyr move mun
tys support ion move tun
ven move pie
vie support tri move tyr
wes move gol
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ruh
nwy move fin
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bar support fin move nwy
bel support ruh move hol
ber support mun move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bud move vie
bur move bel
den support hel move kie
eng move bre
fin move nwy
hel support ruh move hol
hol support bur move bel
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun move kie
nth move den
nwy move nrg
pie move mar
por support spa/sc move mid
rom move tus
ruh move hol
sil support tyr move mun
spa/sc move mid
swe support fin move nwy
tun move naf
tus move gol
tyr move mun
tys support tus move gol
vie move tyr
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet/dislodged gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet/dislodged mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gol move spa/sc
mid move iri
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove hel
remove hol
build Army lvp
remove por
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bar move nrg
bel move ruh
ber support kie
bla move con
boh support tyr move mun
bre hold
bud move vie
bur move ruh
hol move kie
kie support mun move ruh
lvp hold
gol support pie move mar
mid move eng
mar move pie
mun move ruh
naf support tys move wes
nth hold
nrg hold
pie move mar
sev move bla
sil support tyr move mun
spa/sc support mar
stp support nwy
swe move den
tri move alb
tus move pie
tyr move mun
tys move wes
vie move tyr
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Austria: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move gas
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Austria: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ion
bel move hol via convoy
ber support kie
bla hold
boh support tyr move mun
bre move mid
bud move vie
bur move pic
con move aeg
den hold
eng support gas move bre
gas move bre
hol move bel
iri move mid
kie support swe move den
gol support mar move spa
mar move spa
mun move ruh
naf move mid
nth convoy bel move hol
nrg hold
pie move mar
sil support tyr move mun
spa/sc move por
stp support nwy
swe move den
tyr move mun
vie move tyr
war move lvn
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove pic
build Army rom
build Fleet sev
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar move nwy
bel move pic
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bre hold
eng move lon
hol move bel
ion move tun
iri support mid move nat
kie support ruh move hol
lvn move stp
lvp move yor
gol move wes
mid move nat
mar move spa/sc
mun move bur
nth support hol move bel
nrg hold
nwy move swe
por hold
rom move tus
ruh move hol
spa move gas
stp move fin
ven move pie
vie move vie
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel hold
bre move par
bur move bel
fin support swe move nwy
gas move bre
hol support bur move bel
iri move lvp
kie support hol
lon hold
mid support spa/sc move por
mun move ruh
nat support iri move lvp
nth convoy yor move hol
nrg move nwy
nwy move ska
pic move par
pie move mar
por hold
sil move mun
spa/sc move por
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tun move naf
tus move pie
wes move spa/sc
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
remove nrg
build Army par
remove pic
build Army tri
build Army ven
remove yor
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move lon via convoy
ber move kie
bla move con
bre support par
bur support hol move bel
den support ska move nth
gas move bre
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie move hol
lon hold
lvp move cly
mid move eng
mar move gas
mun support bur
nat move nrg
nap hold
nth convoy bel move lon
par support bre move par
pie support ven
por move mid
ruh support hol move bel
ska move nth
spa/sc move por
ven hold
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army bel
England: army/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Austria: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel disband
nth disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Austria: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move par
cly move edi
con move aeg
eng move bre
gas support mid move bre
mid move bre
mar move bur
nap move tys
nrg move edi
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
ven hold
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: army/dislodged bre
Italy: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Austria: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Austria: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Austria: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
