PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun hold
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move bla
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tri
vie move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move tri
bla move rum
bot move swe
bul support bla move rum
con move aeg
gal move vie
hol support pic move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move spa/sc
mun move tyr
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg move bar
pic move bel
ser support alb move tri
smy hold
spa move por
tri support ven
tyr support alb move tri
ukr move gal
ven support tri
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy move gre
bar move stp/nc
bel hold
ber move sil
bre move mid
bul move ser
con move bul
den support nwy move swe
edi move nrg
gal move bud
hol move kie
kie move ber
mar move gol
mos move stp
mun support ber move sil
nap move ion
nwy move swe
par move bur
por move spa
rom move tys
ser move bul
smy move gre via convoy
spa/sc move wes
stp/sc move bot
swe move nwy
tri support ven
tun support nap move ion
tyr move ven
ven support tri
vie support gal move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe move ska
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bar move stp/nc
bel move bur
ber move kie
bot support ska move swe
bud support vie
bul support aeg move gre
bur move mar
con support bul
den support swe
gal move war
ion support tys
kie move hol
gol convoy spa move tus
mid move naf
mos move stp
mun support sil
nth hold
nrg move nwy
ser support vie move tri
sil support mun
ska move swe
smy support con
spa move tus
swe hold
tri support ven
tun move wes
tyr support vie move tri
tys support tun move wes
ven support tri
vie support bud
wes support mid move naf
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army lon
remove ser
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bar move stp/nc
bot support ska move swe
bud support bul move ser
bul move ser
bur move mar
con move bul
gre hold
kie move ber
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun support sil move boh
naf support spa/sc move wes
nth move ska
nwy support bar move stp
sil move boh
ska move swe
spa/sc move wes
swe hold
tri move ven
tus move ven
tyr support tus move ven
tys move gol
ven move rom
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army/dislodged swe
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Italy: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
swe move fin
wes move mid
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh hold
bot move bal
bud support vie
bul support ser
con move aeg
den support ska move swe
fin support stp/nc
gre move alb
hol move bel
ion support tys move tun
gol move tys
mid move bre
mar hold
mun move tyr
naf move tun
nwy support ska move swe
pie support ven
rom support tri move ven
ser support bul
ska move swe
stp/nc hold
swe move den
tri move ven
tyr support ven
tys move tun
ven hold
vie support ser move tri
war support mos
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe move bot
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Army kie
build Fleet lvp
remove naf
remove rum
remove tyr
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support ser move tri
bal move pru
bel move pic
ber support kie
boh support mun
bot move bal
bre move mid
bud support ser move tri
bul support aeg move gre
con move aeg
den support swe
fin move stp
ion move tun
kie support den
lvp move wal
gol move tys
mar move gas
mun support boh
nwy support fin move stp
pie support ven
rom support tri move ven
ser move tri
smy move con
stp/nc move bar
swe hold
tri move ven
tys support ion move tun
ven support ser move tri
vie support ser move tri
war support mos
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri move tyr
tys move ion
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb support tri
bal support pru move ber
bar move nrg
ber support kie
boh support mun
bud support vie
bul move ser
den support kie
gas move bre
gre support alb
ion move tun
kie support den
mid move por
mun support ber
nwy support stp
pic move bre
pie support ven
pru move ber
rom move ven
stp hold
tun move naf
tyr move pie
tys move rom
ven support tys move rom
vie support tri
wal move eng
war support mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: army/dislodged rom
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rom disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move adr
bal support pru move ber
ber support mun
boh support mun
bud move gal
den support kie
gas move bre
gre support aeg move ion
ion move tun
kie support den
mos move stp
mun support ber
naf move mid
nrg move nth
nwy support stp
pic move bre
pie move mar
por support naf move mid
pru move ber
rom move nap
ser support tri
smy move aeg
stp hold
tri support vie
vie support tri
war move sil
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move ion
bal support pru move ber
ber support kie
boh move sil
den support kie
eng move bel
gal move boh
gas support mar move spa
gre support ion
ion move tun
kie support ber
lon move den
mid move spa/sc
mar move spa
mun support boh move sil
nth convoy lon move den
nwy support stp
pic move bre
por support mid move spa
pru move ber
ser move tri
sil support pru move ber
stp hold
swe support lon move den
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr move pie
vie support gal move boh
wes support ion move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
France: army/dislodged ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
sil move war
tun move naf
ven move tus
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
remove naf
remove pie
remove por
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move con
bal support pru move ber
bel move eng
ber support mun
boh support war move sil
con move bul
den hold
gas support mar move spa
gre support adr move ion
ion move tys
kie move hol
lon move hol via convoy
lvp move iri
mid move naf
mar move spa
mun support ber
nap move tys
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy move ska
pru move ber
sil move gal
smy move aeg
stp hold
swe support den
tri support ven
tun hold
tus move pie
ven support tri
vie move tyr
war move sil
wes support nap move tys
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bal support pru move ber
ber support mun
boh support tyr move mun
bre move pic
bul move ser
con move bul
den move kie
eng support iri move mid
gal move war
gas move bre
ion move nap
iri move mid
kie support mun
lon move bel via convoy
mun support ber
naf move mid
nth convoy lon move bel
pie move mar
pru move ber
sil support tyr move mun
spa move por
swe support ska move bal
tri move ven
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ven move rom
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: army por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move bur
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
remove pic
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support ber move kie
bel move hol
ber move kie
bre move par
bul move ser
bur move par
con move bul
den move swe
eng move bel
gre move alb
ion move tun
kie hold
mid move naf
mos support sil move war
nap move tys
nth support bel move hol
por move spa
rom move ven
ser move tri
sev move ukr
sil move war
ska support den move swe
smy move aeg
swe move den
tun move naf
ven move tyr
war support stp move mos
wes support mid move naf
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move ruh
war move pru
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move adr
bal move ber
bel hold
boh support mun
bre move par
bul move ser
bur move mun
den move kie
hol support den move kie
ion move tys
kie support bal move ber
gol move tys
mos support ukr move war
mun support kie
naf move tun
nth support bel
pru move ber
ruh move kie
ser move tri
ska move den
smy move aeg
spa move gas
tri move tyr
tun support tys move wes
tyr move pie
tys move wes
ukr move war
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
Russia: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move hel
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bur
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
remove pru
remove ruh
build Army sev
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move gre
bal support hel move kie
bel move hol
boh move sil
den support hol move kie
edi move nwy via convoy
gas move bur
hel move kie
hol move kie
ion move tys
kie move ber
lon move eng
gol support wes
mun support hel move kie
naf move tun
nth convoy edi move nwy
par support gas move bur
pie move mar
sev move ukr
swe move bal
tun support tys move wes
tys move wes
ukr move war
ven move pie
war move lvn
wes support gol
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support sil move ber
bel move nth
ber move mun
bur move mar
den support hol move kie
eng move mid
hel move kie
hol move kie
ion move tun
lvn support mos move stp
gol convoy mar move tus
mar move tus
mos move stp
mun support sil move ber
naf move tun
nth move hel
nwy support stp
par move bur
pie move mar
sil move ber
stp hold
swe move bal
tun move wes
tyr move pie
tys support tun move wes
ukr move gal
ven support pie
war move pru
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy tri move apu
bal move bot
bel support lon move hol
ber support hel move kie
bur move mar
den move swe
gal move sil
gre move ion
hel move kie
ion move tun
kie move den
lon move hol via convoy
lvn move stp
gol support bur move mar
mid support spa/sc move wes
mos support lvn move stp
mun support hel move kie
naf support spa/sc move wes
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy support stp
par move bur
pie move mar
pru support ber
ser move tri
spa/sc move wes
stp hold
swe move bot
tri move apu via convoy
tus move rom
tyr support ven
tys move rom
ven hold
wes hold
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army/dislodged kie
Russia: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move ruh
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
apu move rom
bal support kie
bel move nth
ber support kie
bur support ruh move mun
den support hol move kie
hol move kie
ion support tun
lvn move stp
gol support tus move pie
mid move wes
mar support tus move pie
mos support lvn move stp
mun support kie
naf support wes move tun
nth move hel
nwy support stp
pie support ven
pru support ber
ruh move mun
sil support mun
stp hold
tun support tys
tus move pie
tys support tun
ven support pie move tus
wes move tun
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
remove mid
build Army war
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
ank move con
bal move bot
ber move kie
bur support ruh move mun
con move bul
den support hel move kie
hel move kie
hol support hel move kie
ion support tun
kie move bal
lvn move stp
gol support pie move tus
mar move pie
mos support lvn move stp
naf support wes move tun
nth move hel
nwy support stp
pie move tus
pru support ber
rom move tus
ruh support hol move kie
sil support mun
stp hold
swe move bal
tri support ven
tun support tys
tyr support ven
tys support tun
ven support tyr
war support sil
wes move tys
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
bot support mos move stp
bul move ser
bur move bel
con move bul
den support kie
hel support kie
hol support kie
ion support tun
kie hold
lvn support mos move stp
gol move tys
mos move stp
naf support wes move tun
nwy move fin
pie support tus
pru support ber
rom move tus
ruh move mun
sil support mun
stp move nwy
tri move ven
tun support tys
tus support pie
tyr support pie
tys support rom move tus
ven move pie
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove hel
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move bur
bot support stp move fin
den move bal
fin hold
hol support kie
ion support tun
kie hold
lvn support mos move stp
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun move bur
naf support wes move tun
nwy support fin
pie move ven
pru support ber
rom move tus
ruh support kie
sil move mun
stp move fin
swe support den move bal
tun support tys
tus support pie move ven
tyr support ven
tys support rom move tus
ven support rom move tus
war move sil
wes move tys
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
bal move bot
bel move bur
ber support sil move mun
bot support stp move fin
fin hold
hol support kie
ion support tun
kie hold
lvn support pru
gol support wes move tys
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun move bur
naf support wes move tun
nwy support fin
pie move mar
pru support ber
rom move tus
ruh support kie
sil move mun
stp move fin
swe support bal move bot
tri support ven
tun support tys
tus support mar move pie
tyr support ven
tys support rom move tus
ven support rom move tus
war support pru
wes move tys
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army par
build Army sev
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
bel support par move bur
ber move kie
bot support nwy move stp
fin support nwy move stp
hol support kie
ion support tun
kie hold
lvn support stp
gol move tus
mar support pie
mos support stp
mun support ber move kie
naf support wes move tun
nwy move stp
par move bur
pie support gol move tus
pru support ber
ruh support kie
sev move rum
sil support mun
swe move bal
tri support tyr
tun support tys
tus support ven move pie
tyr support ven move pie
tys support tun
ven move pie
war support pru
wes move tun
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
bal move lvn
bel move bur
ber support mun
bot support nwy move stp
bur move mun
fin support nwy move stp
hol move kie
ion support tun
kie move den
lvn support stp
gol move tus
mar support pie
mos support stp
naf move tun
nwy move stp
pie support gol move tus
pru support ber
ruh support hol move kie
rum move bud
sil support mun
tri support ven
tun support ion
tus move rom
tyr support ven move pie
tys move gol
ven move pie
war support lvn
wes move tys
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
bal support kie move ber
bel move ruh
ber support mun
bot support stp move lvn
bud move vie
bul move ser
bur support ruh move mun
den support kie
fin move stp
ion move tun
kie support ruh move mun
lon move eng
lvn support pru
gol support ven move pie
mar move spa/sc
mos support lvn
naf hold
pie move tyr
ruh move mun
ser move tri
sil support mun
smy move aeg
stp move lvn
tri move ven
tun move wes
tus support tys move rom
tyr support ven move pie
tys move rom
ven move pie
war support lvn
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army/dislodged rom
France: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
pie move mar
rom move apu
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu support ven move rom
bal support stp move lvn
bel support bur
ber move kie
bot support stp move lvn
bur support mar
den support kie
eng move mid
fin move stp
ion move tys
kie hold
lvn support mos move stp
gol support wes move spa
mar support spa/sc
mos move stp
mun support ber move kie
naf move wes
pie move mar
pru move ber
rom support tus
ruh move mun
ser move tri
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc support mar
stp move lvn
tri move tyr
tus support rom
tyr move ven
ven move rom
war support lvn
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
spa/sc move por
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army sev
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move rom
bal support lvn move pru
bel move bur
ber support mun
bot support fin move stp
bur move mar
den support kie
fin move stp
ion support tys
kie hold
lvn move pru
gol support spa/sc
mid support por move spa
mar move pie
mos move stp
pie support tyr
por move spa/sc
pru support war move lvn
rom move nap
ruh move mun
ser support tri
sev move ukr
sil support mun
spa/sc support gol
tri support ser
tus support mar move pie
tyr support pie
tys support apu move rom
ven support apu move rom
vie move boh
war move lvn
wes support por move spa
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Russia: army/dislodged pru
Turkey: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
pru move war
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support pru move ber
bel support bur
boh support mun
bot support stp
bur support mar
den support kie
ion support tys move nap
kie support pru move ber
gol support pie move mar
mid move naf
mar support bur
mos support lvn
mun support ber
nap move apu
pie move mar
pru move ber
ruh move mun
ser move gre
sil support mun
spa/sc support tus move gol
stp hold
tun hold
tus move gol
tyr support ven
tys move nap
ukr support mos
ven support rom
war support lvn
wes move tys
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet/dislodged gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gol move wes
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move adr
bal support ber
bel move bur
ber support ruh move mun
boh support mun
bot support stp
bur move mar
den move nth
ion move tun
kie support ruh move mun
lon move eng
lvn move stp
mar move spa
mos support lvn move stp
naf support tys move wes
nap support rom
rom support nap
ruh move mun
sil support mun
smy move aeg
spa/sc move mid
stp hold
tri support ven
tun move naf
tyr support pie
tys move wes
ukr move war
ven support pie
war move pru
wes support tun move naf
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move ion
bal support bot move lvn
ber hold
boh support mun
bot move lvn
bur support ruh move mun
eng move mid
ion move tys
kie support ber
gol support mar move pie
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support lvn
mun support pru move ber
naf support mid move wes
nap support ion move tys
nth move nwy
pru move ber
ruh move mun
sil support pru move ber
spa move mar
stp support bot move lvn
tri support ven
tun support wes
tyr support pie
tys support mid move wes
ven support pie
war support lvn
wes support tun
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
England: fleet/dislodged tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
tys move tus
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
bal move ber
ber move mun
boh move mun
bot move bal
bur support ber move mun
eng move mid
ion move tun
kie support ber move mun
gol support mid move wes
mid move wes
mar support spa
mos support lvn
mun move ber
naf support mid move wes
nap support rom
nwy support stp
pie support tyr
pru support mun move ber
rom support nap
ruh support ber move mun
sil support mun move ber
spa support mar
stp hold
tri support ven
tun move wes
tus move tys
tyr support boh move mun
tys support wes move gol
ven support pie
war support lvn
wes move gol
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move nap
bal support ber
ber hold
boh move mun
bur support mun
ion move tun
kie support mun
lvn move stp
gol support wes move tys
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support lvn move stp
mun hold
naf move tun
nap support tys
nwy support stp
pie support tyr
pru move ber
rom support ven
ruh support mun
sil support boh move mun
spa hold
stp hold
tun move wes
tus support wes move tys
tyr support boh move mun
tys support tun move wes
ven support rom
war support pru
wes move tys
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Fleet lon
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move ion
bal support ber move pru
ber move pru
boh move mun
bur support mun
con move smy
ion move tun
kie move ber
lon move nth
lvn support mos move stp
gol support mid move wes
mid move wes
mos move stp
mun hold
naf move tun
nap support rom
nwy support stp
pie support ven
pru move ber
rom support nap
ruh support mun
sil support boh move mun
smy move aeg
stp hold
tri support tyr
tun move wes
tus move rom
tyr support boh move mun
tys support naf move tun
ven support pie
war move pru
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu support tys move nap
bal support pru move lvn
ber move sil
boh support sil
bur support mun
ion move tys
gol hold
mos support lvn
mun hold
nap support ion move tys
nth move nwy
nwy move swe
pie support ven
pru move lvn
ruh support mun
sil support boh
smy move aeg
stp support pru move lvn
tri support tyr
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr support pie
tys move nap
ven support rom
war support lvn
wes move tun
PHASE 1917 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Army sev
PHASE 1918 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu support nap
bal support pru
ber support pru
boh move mun
bur support mun
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos support lvn
mun hold
nap hold
nwy support stp
pie support tyr
pru hold
rom move nap
ruh support mun
sev move ukr
sil support war move pru
stp hold
swe move bot
tri move ser
tun support wes move tys
tus support mar move pie
tyr support pie
tys support rom move nap
ven move tri
war move pru
wes move tys
PHASE 1918 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Turkey: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet/dislodged tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
pie move ven
tys move ion
PHASE 1918 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move adr
bal support stp move lvn
ber support pru
boh move mun
bot move stp/sc
bur support mun
ion support rom move nap
gol hold
mos support lvn
mun hold
nap support tun move ion
nwy move nth
pie move ven
pru support stp move lvn
rom move nap
ruh support mun
ser move rum
sil support boh move mun
spa move mar
stp move lvn
tri move bud
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr move vie
tys support tus move rom
ukr support mos
war support lvn
PHASE 1918 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: army/dislodged rom
England: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rom move apu
PHASE 1918 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove boh
build Army con
build Army edi
build Army par
remove sil
remove ukr
PHASE 1919 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tys move ion
aeg move gre
ank move arm
apu support ven
bal convoy ber move lvn
ber move lvn via convoy
bot support ber move lvn
bur move mar
con move bul
gre move ser
ion support apu
lon move hol via convoy
lvn move mos
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun support pie move tyr
nap support tys move ion
nth convoy lon move hol
par move bur
pie move tyr
pru support ber move lvn
ruh move kie
rum move sev
stp support ber move lvn
tun support tys move ion
tys move ion
ven support apu
war support lvn move mos
PHASE 1919 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move aeg
PHASE 1919 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move ion
apu support ven
bal move den
bot move swe
bul move ser
bur move mar
edi move hol via convoy
gre support aeg move ion
hol move kie
ion hold
kie move ber
lvn support stp move mos
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos support war
mun move boh
nap move apu
nth convoy edi move hol
pie move ven
pru move bal
rom hold
rum move sev
ser move tri
smy move eas
stp move mos
tun support ion
tyr support pie move ven
ven support apu
war support mos
PHASE 1919 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
Turkey: army/dislodged ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1919 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army par
PHASE 1920 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
bal convoy kie move pru
ber move sil
boh move vie
bud move gal
bul move ser
con move bul
den move nth
hol move kie
ion hold
kie move pru via convoy
lvn support stp move mos
mar move pie
mos move ukr
nap support ion
nth move eng
par move bur
pie move ven
ser move tri
stp move mos
swe move nwy
tun support ion
tyr support ven move tri
tys support ion
ven move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1920 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
bal move bot
ber move sil
boh move gal
eng move mid
ion hold
kie move ber
lvn support pru move war
mos hold
nap support adr move apu
nth move eng
nwy move nth
pru move war
tri support tyr move vie
tun support ion
tyr move vie
tys support ion
ukr move rum
ven support tri
war move sil
PHASE 1920 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Turkey: army/dislodged vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
war disband
PHASE 1920 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1921 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
apu move adr
ber move sil
boh hold
bot move bal
edi move hol via convoy
eng move mid
ion hold
kie move mun
lvn move war
mid move wes
mar move gol
mos support war move ukr
nth convoy edi move hol
par move bre
pie move ven
rum support mos move sev
tri move bud
tun support ion
ven move tri
vie support tri move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1921 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move alb
bal move ber
boh support sil move gal
bud support tri move ser
hol support lon move bel
ion hold
lon move bel via convoy
mid move por
mos move sev
mun move bur
nth convoy lon move bel
rom hold
rum move gal
sil move gal
tri move ser
tun support ion
ukr support mos move sev
ven move tri
vie support bud
war support sil move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1921 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
