PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mun move ruh
nap move tys
rom move tus
smy move con
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla support bul move rum
bul move rum
con move bul
eng convoy wal move pic
hol support ruh move bel
kie move den
nth move nwy
pie move mar
ruh move bel
ser support alb move gre
tri move bud
tus move tun via convoy
tys convoy tus move tun
wal move pic via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel move ruh
ber move pru
bla support rum move sev
bud move ser
bul move rum
den move swe
eng move mid
gre move alb
hol move bel
kie move ber
lon move eng
mar move spa
mun move boh
nwy move swe
par support bre
pic move par
pie move mar
rom move tys
rum move sev
ser move gre
smy move aeg
tri move bud
tys move gol
vie move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
alb support gre
arm move sev
bel hold
ber move pru
bla support rum
boh move vie
bre move pic
bud move vie
den move swe
eng support pic move bre
gal hold
gre hold
gol convoy tun move spa
mid move por
mar support tun move spa
nwy move swe
par support bre move pic
pic move bre
pru move lvn
ruh move mun
rum support sev move ukr
ser move bud
sev move ukr
tun move spa via convoy
tys convoy tun move spa
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: army/dislodged spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
spa move gas
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
remove gas
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Army ven
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
bel hold
bla convoy con move rum
boh move gal
bre support par move pic
bud move vie
con move rum via convoy
den move swe
eng move bel
gal support bud move vie
gre support ser
lon move eng
lvn support pru move war
gol move wes
mar move bur
mun move tyr
nap move ion
nwy move swe
par move pic
pic support eng move bel
por move mid
pru move war
rum move ukr
ser support alb move tri
sev support ukr move mos
spa move gas
tys support nap move ion
ukr move mos
ven move tyr
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
bla support bul/sc
boh move gal
bre move mid
bur support gas move par
den move swe
eng move bre
gal move war
gas move par
gre hold
ion move eas
lon move eng
lvn move mos
mid support eng move bre
mos move stp
mun support boh
nwy support mos move stp
pic move par
rum support ukr
ser move bud
sev move mos
tri hold
tys move ion
ukr support sev move mos
vie move tyr
war support lvn move mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet/dislodged stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move gas
stp/sc disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
remove gas
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
remove pic
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bel hold
ber move pru
bla support con move bul
boh move gal
bre support lon move eng
bud move vie
bul/sc move aeg
bur move ruh
con move bul
eas support ion move aeg
eng move mid
gal support ukr move war
gre move ser
ion move aeg
kie move bal
lon move eng
lvn support war
lvp move wal
mid move spa/sc
mos support ukr move war
mun support boh
nwy hold
par move pic
rom move tus
smy move eas
stp move fin
swe hold
tri move alb
tyr support bud move vie
tys move ion
ukr move war
ven move pie
war support boh move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bal move bot
bel hold
bla move con
boh move gal
bre support wal move pic
bul/sc move aeg
con move bul
eas move ion
eng convoy wal move pic
fin support nwy move swe
gal move sil
ion move tun
lvn move mos
mid move wes
mos support gal move war
mun move tyr
pic move bel
pie move mar
pru move lvn
ruh support pic move bel
rum move sev
ser move bud
smy support bul/sc move aeg
spa/sc move mar
swe hold
tus move pie
tyr support vie move boh
tys move gol
ukr support gal move war
vie move boh
wal move pic via convoy
war support lvn move mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Germany: fleet/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Turkey: army/dislodged mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel disband
mos move stp
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove con
build Army lon
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support ruh move hol
ber move sil
boh support sil move mun
bot support swe move fin
bre move mid
bud move gal
bul move rum
eng convoy lon move bre
fin move swe
gal move boh
ion move tys
lon move bre via convoy
lvn move stp
gol support pie move mar
mos move sev
mun support ber move sil
nwy support fin move swe
pic move bur
pie move mar
ruh move hol
sev support ukr move mos
sil move ber
smy move eas
spa/sc move mar
stp support ukr move mos
swe move fin
tun support ion move tys
tus move pie
tyr support sil move mun
ukr move mos
war support mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
sil move pru
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
bel move hol
boh move mun
bot move bal
bre move par
bud move vie
bur move bel
eas move ion
eng support bur move bel
fin move swe
gal move boh
hol move kie
lvn move pru
gol support tys move wes
mid support spa/sc
mar move gas
mos support stp move lvn
mun support gal move boh
nwy support fin move swe
pie move mar
pru move ber
rum support sev move ukr
sev move ukr
sil move ber
spa/sc support wes move gol
stp move lvn
swe move den
tun support tys move wes
tyr support boh move mun
tys move wes
war support lvn move pru
wes move gol
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Italy: fleet/dislodged gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
Italy: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gol move tys
mun move ruh
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
remove boh
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
remove ruh
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
remove war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move hol
bud support tri move ser
con move bul
den move kie
eng move bre
gas support mar move spa
hol support kie
ion move nap
kie support hol
lon move nth
lvn support mos move war
lvp move yor
gol move mar
mid support spa/sc
mar move spa
mos move war
mun move sil
nwy move ska
par move gas
pru move ber
rum support ukr move gal
sil support pru move ber
smy move eas
spa/sc support gol move mar
tri move ser
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ukr move gal
vie move boh
wes support mar move spa
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army/dislodged mar
England: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
mar move pie
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move ruh
ber move kie
boh move sil
bre move gas
bud support ser
bul support rum
den support ber move kie
eas move ion
gal support rum
gas move bur
hol move ruh
ion move nap
lvn move pru
gol move tus
mid support spa/sc
mar support spa/sc
mun support boh move sil
nap move rom
nth convoy yor move bel
par support bre move gas
pie move ven
rum support bul
ser support bud
sil move mun
spa/sc support mar
swe support ska move den
tun support wes move tys
tyr move vie
war support gal
wes move tys
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
sil move ber
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bur
build Fleet con
remove hol
build Army lon
build Army smy
remove ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber move mun
bud support ser
bul move rum
con move aeg
den support kie
gal move boh
gas move mid
ion move adr
kie move hol
lon hold
mid move naf
mar move gol
mun support sil move ber
nap move ion
nth convoy yor move nwy
par move bur
pru support sil move ber
rom move tys
rum move gal
ser support gre
sil move ber
ska support yor move nwy
smy move con
spa/sc move wes
swe support ska move den
vie support bud
war move sil
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move ion
ank move con
bel move ruh
ber support mun
boh move gal
bud support vie
bur support bel move ruh
con move bul
den move swe
gal move rum
gre hold
ion move tun
kie move ber
lon move nwy
gol support wes move tys
mid move wes
mun support ber
naf support tun
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move stp
pru move lvn
rom move nap
rum move sev
ser support gre
sil move war
ska support den move swe
swe move nwy
tun move ion
tus support tys move rom
tys move rom
vie support bud
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Turkey: army/dislodged swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
England: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe move fin
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
England: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bul
remove con
build Army edi
build Army tri
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
England: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support mun move kie
bud support vie
bur move mun
edi move nwy via convoy
fin support lvn move stp
gal move sil
ion move alb
kie move ber
lon hold
lvn move stp
gol support tys
mun move kie
naf move mid
nap move ion
nth convoy edi move nwy
rom move nap
ruh support bur move mun
rum move gal
ser support gre
sev move mos
ska support edi move nwy
stp move fin
swe support stp move fin
tri move tyr
tun move ion
tus move rom
tys support rom move nap
ven move adr
vie support bud
war support sev move mos
wes support tys
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Turkey: fleet/dislodged nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move hol
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support alb move ion
aeg support alb move ion
alb move ion
ber support kie
bud move vie
fin support nwy
gal move boh
gre support alb move ion
hol move kie
kie support tyr move mun
lon move bel via convoy
gol move pie
mid move eng
mun support hol move kie
nap move apu
nth convoy lon move bel
nwy support ska move swe
rom move nap
ruh support mun
ser support gre
sil support tyr move mun
ska move swe
swe move den
tun support tys move ion
tyr move mun
tys move ion
vie move tyr
war move lvn
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Army lon
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support ion
apu support tys move ion
bel move hol
ber support kie
boh support tyr move mun
bud support ser
con move smy
den move kie
eng convoy lon move bel
fin move stp
gre support ion
hol support den move kie
ion move apu
kie support tyr move mun
lon move bel via convoy
lvn support stp
mos support stp
mun support hol move kie
nap support tys move ion
nth move nrg
nwy support fin move stp
ruh support bel move hol
ser support gre
sil support tyr move mun
smy move eas
stp move fin
swe move bot
tun support tys move ion
tyr move mun
tys move ion
vie support bud
wes move tys
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
England: army/dislodged mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
ion move adr
mun move bur
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move apu
aeg move ion
apu support ion move adr
bel move bur
ber support kie
boh move tyr
bot move swe
bud move tri
bur move mar
den move kie
eas support aeg move ion
eng move mid
gre support aeg move ion
hol support ruh
ion move adr
kie support mun
lvn support mos move stp
mos move stp
mun support kie
nap move ion
nrg move nth
nwy support stp
pie move gol
ruh support den move kie
ser support gre
sil move boh
smy move aeg
tun support nap move ion
tys support nap move ion
ven move apu
vie hold
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army lon
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg support eas move ion
apu support ion move adr
ber support kie
boh move tyr
bud move vie
bur support ruh
den move kie
eas move ion
gre support eas move ion
hol move kie
ion move adr
kie support mun
lon move den via convoy
gol support mar move pie
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun move ruh
nap move ion
nth convoy lon move den
nwy support stp
ruh support hol move kie
ser support adr move alb
smy move eas
stp hold
swe support lon move den
tri support tyr move ven
tun support nap move ion
tyr move ven
tys support nap move ion
ven move adr
vie move boh
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
apu support adr move ven
ber support kie
bud support ser
bur support ruh
den support hol move kie
gre support eas move ion
hol move kie
kie support mun
gol move tys
mun support kie
nap support tys move ion
nth move hel
nwy support stp
pie support adr move ven
ruh support hol move kie
ser support alb
stp hold
swe move bal
tri support ven
tun support tys move ion
tys move ion
vie support tyr
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: fleet ven
England: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: fleet ven
England: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move adr
bal move ber
ber support kie
bud move vie
bur move mun
den support hol move kie
edi hold
gre support eas move ion
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
ion support apu move adr
kie move ruh
lon move nth
mun support kie move ruh
nap support ion
nwy support stp
pie support ven
ruh support bur move mun
ser move bud
stp hold
tri support tyr move ven
tun support ion
tys support ion
ven support apu move adr
vie move gal
wes support tys
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: fleet ven
England: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move alb
bal convoy den move ber
ber support mun
bud move rum
bur move mun
den move ber via convoy
edi move den via convoy
gal move war
gre move bul/sc
hel support kie
ion support adr move alb
kie support den move ber
mun move bur
nap support ion
nth convoy edi move den
nwy support stp
pie support ven
ruh support bur move mun
stp hold
tri support vie move tyr
tun support ion
tys support ion
ven hold
vie move tyr
wes hold
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet/dislodged alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Austria: army/dislodged ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: fleet ven
England: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move pru
mun move sil
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: fleet ven
England: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
