PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul
edi move nwy via convoy
hol hold
ion move tun
kie move ber
mid move por
nth move den
nrg convoy edi move nwy
ruh move mun
rum hold
ser move gre
sil support tyr move mun
spa hold
tri hold
tyr move mun
ukr support rum
ven hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bel move ruh
ber move mun
bre move pic
bud move ser
bul move gre
con move smy
den support nwy move swe
edi move nrg
hol move nth
lon move nth
mun support sil move ber
nap move ion
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
par move bur
por move spa/sc
rom move ven
ruh support ber move mun
rum hold
ser move gre
sil move ber
smy move aeg
spa move gas
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri move adr
tun support nap move ion
ukr move gal
ven move tyr
vie hold
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
swe move bal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move gre
bal move ber
bel support bur move ruh
ber move kie
bul support smy move gre
bur move ruh
con support bul
den support swe
edi move nrg
gal support tyr move vie
gas move par
hol support ruh move bel
ion support ser move gre
kie hold
lon move nth
mar hold
mun support ber move kie
nrg move nwy
pic support bel
ruh move bel
rum hold
smy move gre via convoy
spa/sc hold
stp/nc move nwy
swe support den
tyr move vie
ven move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
build Fleet ven
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bel move hol
ber move bal
bul support gre move ser
con move aeg
den support nth
edi support nth
gal move bud
gre move ser
hol hold
ion move alb
kie move den
lon move nwy via convoy
mar hold
mun support kie
nth convoy lon move nwy
nrg support lon move nwy
par move bur
pic move bel
rom move tus
ruh support bel move hol
rum move bla
sil move ber
smy move eas
stp/nc move nwy
swe move fin
tri support gal move bud
tun move ion
ven support tri
vie support gal move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol move hel
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move gre
bal move swe
bel support hol
ber support kie
bla move ank
bud support tri move ser
bul support ser move rum
bur support ruh
den support nth
eas move ion
edi move nrg
fin support nwy move stp
gal move rum
gre support eas move ion
hel hold
hol hold
ion support alb move gre
kie move den
mar move spa/sc
mun hold
nth support den
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp
ruh hold
ser move rum
spa/sc move por
stp/nc move nwy
tri move ser
tus move ven
ven move adr
vie hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
stp/nc move bar
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove hel
build Army mar
build Army mos
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move con
bar move stp/nc
bel move ruh
ber support kie
bud support gal move rum
bul support gre
bur support ruh move mun
den move kie
eas move ion
fin support stp
gal move rum
gre support eas move ion
hol support den move kie
kie move den
mar move pie
mos support bar move stp
nth move den
nrg move bar
nwy support nrg move bar
por move spa/sc
ruh move mun
rum move sev
spa/sc move gol
stp support fin
swe move nwy
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
England: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move con
bar support swe move nwy
ber move kie
bud move rum
bul move rum
bur move mar
den support fin move swe
fin move swe
hol move ruh
ion move nap
kie hold
gol support pie
mos support rum move sev
mun move tyr
nrg move bar
nwy support fin move swe
pie hold
ruh move mun
rum move sev
sev support bul move rum
spa/sc move wes
stp move mos
swe move nwy
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move ukr
swe move bal
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove ank
remove bal
build Fleet con
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Army par
build Army smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg convoy smy move bul
alb support ser move gre
bar move stp/nc
ber move mun
bud move tri
con move ank
den move bal
edi move nth
gre move ion
kie support mun move ber
lon hold
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos support bar move stp
nap move rom
nrg move bar
nwy support stp
par move bur
pie move tus
ruh move mun
rum support sev
ser move gre
sev support rum
smy move bul via convoy
stp support nwy
swe move fin
tyr move ven
ukr move war
ven hold
vie move tri
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg move gre
alb support ion
bal move bot
bar move nwy
ber move mun
bul support aeg move gre
bur move mar
fin move stp
gre move ser
ion move alb
kie support mun move ber
lon move den via convoy
mos move stp
mun move boh
nth convoy lon move den
nrg move bar
nwy support fin move stp
pie support tus move ven
rom move tus
ruh move mun
rum move gal
sev move ukr
stp move lvn
tus move ven
tyr support tus move ven
ven support vie move tyr
vie move tyr
war move lvn
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
remove bar
build Fleet con
build Army par
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
ank move con
ber move mun
boh move vie
bot convoy fin move lvn
bud support ser move tri
bul move rum
con move aeg
den move kie
fin move lvn via convoy
gal move sil
gre move ion
ion move tys
kie move ber
mar move pie
mos move stp
nth hold
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
par move bur
pie move ven
rom support ion move tys
ruh move mun
ser move tri
smy move eas
stp move mos
tus support pie move ven
tyr support pie move ven
ukr move gal
ven hold
vie hold
war support gal move sil
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tys move nap
ven disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move gre
ber support sil move mun
boh move vie
bot hold
bud support vie
bur support ruh move mun
con move aeg
den support kie
eas support ion
gal move boh
ion support tys move nap
kie support den
lvn support stp move mos
mos move stp
nap move ion
nth move hel
nwy move ska
pie hold
rom support tys move nap
ruh move mun
rum move gal
sil move mun
stp move mos
swe move bal
tri move ven
tun hold
tus move rom
tyr support boh move vie
tys move nap
ven support tus move rom
vie support gal move boh
war move lvn
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
France: fleet/dislodged nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
France: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nap move apu
ven disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg support eas move ion
apu move nap
bal support kie move ber
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bot support lvn
bud move gal
bur support ruh move mun
den move kie
eas move ion
gal move boh
gre move alb
hel hold
ion move apu
kie move ber
lvn support stp move mos
mar move gol
mos move lvn
nap support ion move apu
par move gas
pie move ven
rom move tus
ruh move mun
sil support ber
ska hold
stp move mos
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr support pie move ven
ven hold
vie support gal move boh
war move pru
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mos move ukr
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
apu support adr move ven
bal support kie move ber
ber move mun
boh move tyr
bot move stp/sc
bud move gal
den move kie
gal move rum
hel hold
ion move tun
kie move ber
lvn move war
mos support lvn move war
nap support rom move tys
pru move war
rom move tys
sil support ber
ska move den
ukr move mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army edi
build Army lon
remove ukr
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move ion
apu support ven
bal support ber move pru
ber move pru
boh move mun
con move bul
den move hel
edi hold
gal support pru move war
hel move nth
ion move tun
kie move ber
lon hold
lvn move war
mos support lvn move war
nap move rom
pru move war
rum move sev
sil support boh move mun
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
tys support ion move tun
ven move rom
vie move tri
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: fleet/dislodged tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
alb move ion
apu move nap
bal move swe
bot move lvn
bul move rum
edi move kie via convoy
gal move war
hel convoy edi move kie
ion move tun
lvn move mos
mos move ukr
mun support sil move ber
nap move tys
nth convoy edi move kie
pru hold
sev move mos
sil move ber
tri support ven move tyr
tun move naf
tys move wes
ven move tyr
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
France: army/dislodged tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
ber support mun move kie
bot move lvn
con move bul
ion move tys
kie move ber
lon move den via convoy
lvn move mos
mun move kie
naf move mid
nap move rom
nth convoy lon move den
pru support kie move ber
rum move ukr
sev move mos
swe move bal
tri move ven
tun move naf
tyr support tri move ven
tys move gol
ukr support lvn move mos
ven move adr
war move mos
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Turkey: army/dislodged ber
Turkey: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet/dislodged gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move mun
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Turkey: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr hold
bal move ber
ber move mun
bot move lvn
bul move rum
den move kie
hel support den move kie
kie move hol
lvn move mos
gol move mar
mid move bre
mun move ber
naf move mid
nth move den
pru support bal move ber
rom move tus
rum move ukr
sev support war move mos
tyr hold
tys support rom move tus
ukr support lvn move mos
ven move rom
war move mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
England: fleet bot
Turkey: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Turkey: army hol
France: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
England: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army/dislodged tus
Turkey: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Turkey: army hol
Turkey: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
Turkey: fleet bre
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Turkey: army hol
Turkey: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr hold
bre move eng
bul move rum
con move bul
hol move kie
mid move iri
mar support ven move pie
mos move stp
mun support hol move kie
rom move nap
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
smy move aeg
spa/sc move por
tus move gol
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ven move pie
war move mos
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Turkey: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
England: army/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
Turkey: fleet por
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
England: army/dislodged ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Turkey: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr hold
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bal move bot
ber move pru
bot move fin
den move nth
eng move lon
iri move lvp
kie move ber
gol move spa/sc
mos support stp
mun support kie move ber
nap hold
pie move tyr
pru move bal
sev move ukr
stp support mos
tyr move boh
ukr move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Turkey: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
Turkey: supply lon
England: army lvn
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
remove hel
remove nth
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
Turkey: supply lon
England: army lvn
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bal hold
ber support mun move kie
boh support gal move sil
bot hold
bul move rum
con move bul
fin hold
gal move sil
lon move nth
lvn hold
lvp move cly
mid move eng
mos support lvn
mun move kie
nap move rom
por move mid
pru hold
rom move ven
rum move gal
sev support ukr
smy move aeg
spa/sc move wes
stp move nwy
tyr move vie
ukr support war
ven move tyr
war hold
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: army kie
England: supply kie
Turkey: supply lon
England: army lvn
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr hold
bal hold
boh hold
bot hold
cly move edi
eng move bel
fin hold
kie support nth move den
lvn hold
nth move den
pru hold
rom move ven
sil support ber
tyr hold
ven move tri
vie hold
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Turkey: fleet bel
Turkey: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
Turkey: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: fleet den
Turkey: supply den
Turkey: fleet edi
Turkey: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Turkey: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
Turkey: supply lon
England: army lvn
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
