PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move pic
rom move tus
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bot move swe
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
con move bul
den move swe
kie move hol
mid move por
nth move bel
pic move bel
ruh support nth move bel
ser support bul move rum
sev move bla
sil move mun
spa move mar
tus move tun via convoy
tys convoy tus move tun
ukr move rum
wal move bre via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
build Army lon
build Fleet nap
build Army smy
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bel support wal move pic
ber support ruh move mun
bot move swe
bre support pic
bud move gal
bul support rum
con support ank move bla
den move swe
eng convoy wal move pic
gre hold
hol move kie
lon hold
mar move bur
mun move boh
nap move tys
pic hold
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
ruh move mun
rum support bul
ser support rum
sev move bla
smy move arm
tri move tyr
tys move gol
ukr move gal
vie move boh
wal move pic via convoy
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: army/dislodged mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move sil
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
ber move sil
bla support arm move sev
bot move swe
bre move eng
bud support vie move gal
bur move bel
con move aeg
den move swe
eng support bel
gre move ion
kie support mun
gol support mar
mar hold
mun support ber move sil
pic support bur move bel
rum move ukr
ser move gre
sev move rum
sil move gal
spa/sc hold
tun move naf
tyr move ven
tys move wes
ukr support sev move rum
vie move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
England: fleet/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Russia: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move nth
rum disband
sil move war
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet con
build Army par
build Army tri
remove wal
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel hold
ber move bal
bla support sev
bot move swe
bre move eng
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
con move aeg
den move swe
eng support lon move bel
gal support sil move war
gre hold
ion move nap
kie move hol
lon move bel via convoy
gol move spa/sc
mar support gol move spa
mun move tyr
naf move tun
nth convoy lon move bel
par move gas
pic move bur
sev support bul move rum
sil move war
spa/sc hold
tri move ven
ukr move mos
ven move rom
war move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
spa/sc move por
war move pru
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support den move swe
bel hold
bla move rum
bot move swe
bre move mid
bud move vie
bur support bel
den move swe
eng move bre
gal move vie
gas move spa
gre move ser
hol support nth move bel
ion move nap
lon move bel via convoy
nap move rom
nth convoy lon move bel
por support gas move spa
pru move ber
rom move ven
rum move ukr
sev move mos
tyr move mun
ven move tri
war support sev move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mos move stp
spa/sc move wes
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove ber
build Fleet con
build Army kie
build Fleet smy
remove tun
build Army vie
remove wes
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bal move swe
bel hold
bot move swe
bre support por move mid
bud move gal
bur support bel
eng convoy lon move pic
gal move sil
hol move ruh
ion move tun
kie move ber
lon move pic via convoy
mid move iri
mar move gas
mos support ukr move war
mun move ruh
nap move tys
nth move nwy
por move mid
rom hold
rum move bla
ser hold
smy move aeg
spa move mar
stp move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move tyr
ukr move war
ven support tri move tyr
vie move boh
war support mos
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
war move pru
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bal move den
bel hold
ber support mun
boh support sil move mun
bot move swe
bre move eng
bur support mun
con move aeg
eng support pic move bre
gal move sil
gas move spa
hol move ruh
iri move lvp
mid move spa/sc
mos support war
mun support ber
nth move nwy
pic move bre
pru support ber
rom move tys
ser hold
sil move mun
stp move nwy
swe move nwy
tyr support sil move mun
tys move gol
ven move pie
war support gal move sil
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bot
build Army con
remove gas
build Army par
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
ank move rum
bel move pic
ber move sil
bla convoy ank move rum
boh support gal move sil
bur support mar
den move bal
eng support bre
gal move sil
lvp move wal
gol move spa/sc
mid move spa/sc
mar support mid move spa
mos move lvn
mun support ber move sil
nth move nwy
par hold
pie move mar
pru support ber move sil
ruh support mun
ser hold
sev move mos
sil move pru
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tun move tys
tyr move mun
tys move gol
war support mos move lvn
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal move bot
ber move sil
bla move bul/ec
boh move gal
bur support mar
con move bul
eng support bre
gal move rum
ion move tys
lvn move stp
gol move spa/sc
mid move spa/sc
mar support mid move spa
mos support lvn move stp
mun support ber move sil
nth move lon
nwy support stp
par move gas
pic move par
pie move tus
pru support ber move sil
ruh support mun
rum move ukr
ser move bul
sil support pru move war
stp hold
tun move naf
tyr move ven
tys move nap
wal move lon
war support sil move pru
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
sil move boh
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove lvn
remove naf
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
ber move sil
bla move sev
boh support tri move tyr
bur move bel
con move bul
eng move lon
gal support boh
gas move spa
ion support tys move nap
gol move tys
mar hold
mos support war
mun support sil move boh
nap move rom
nth move edi
par hold
ruh hold
rum move bud
ser move tri
sil move boh
spa/sc move wes
stp hold
tri move tyr
tus move pie
tys move nap
ukr move gal
ven support tus move pie
vie support tri move tyr
wal move lon
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move bur
boh support mun move tyr
bot move stp/sc
bud support tri move vie
bul move ser
edi move cly
eng move lon
gal support war
ion move gre
mar hold
mos support war
mun move tyr
nwy support bot move stp
par move gas
pie hold
pru move war
rom hold
ruh move hol
sev move bla
sil support pru move war
spa move tun via convoy
stp hold
tri move vie
tyr support vie move boh
tys move tun
ven support tyr
wal move lon
war support gal
wes convoy spa move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army con
remove rom
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move rum
ber move pru
bla convoy ank move rum
bud move vie
bur move par
cly move lvp
con move bul
eng move lon
gal support vie move boh
gas move spa
gre move ion
mar move pie
mos move lvn
mun support boh
nap move tys
nwy move nth
pie hold
pru move lvn
ser support ank move rum
sil support boh
smy move aeg
spa move tun via convoy
stp/sc support pru move lvn
tri support bud move vie
tyr support vie move boh
tys move wes
ven support tyr
vie move boh
wal move lvp
war support mos move lvn
wes convoy spa move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber move pru
bla support bul move rum
boh support sil move gal
bud move vie
bul move rum
cly move lvp
gal move sil
hol move yor via convoy
ion move tys
mar move gas
mos support war
mun support boh
nap support ion move tys
nth convoy hol move yor
par hold
pie hold
pru move lvn
rum move ukr
ser support bul move rum
sil move gal
spa hold
stp/sc support pru move lvn
tri support bud move vie
tyr support vie move boh
tys move gol
ven support tyr
vie move boh
wal move lvp
war support gal move sil
wes support tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
sil move ber
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
remove tri
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
ber move sil
boh support ber move sil
bud support rum move gal
cly move edi
gas move par
ion support tys move tun
lon move nth
lvn support pru
gol move wes
mar move gol
mos move lvn
mun support ber move sil
nap move tys
nth support yor move edi
par move pic
pie move mar
pru support ber move sil
rum move gal
ser move rum
sil move mun
spa support mar
stp/sc support lvn
tun hold
tyr support sil move mun
tys move tun
ukr support war
ven support tyr
vie move boh
wal move lvp
war support mos move lvn
wes support mar move gol
yor move edi
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet/dislodged gol
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army/dislodged tun
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
gol move pie
mun move kie
tun move naf
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: fleet pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
boh move mun
bud hold
cly move edi
gal support war move sil
ion support tun
kie support boh move mun
lvn support pru move war
lvp hold
gol move mar
mar hold
mos support ukr move war
mun support vie move boh
naf move tun
nth support yor move lon
par move bre
pic support par move bre
pie support mar
pru move war
rum move ukr
sil support pru move war
spa support gol move mar
stp/sc support lvn
tun support tys move wes
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ukr move war
ven hold
vie move boh
war move sil
wes move tys
yor move lon
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
England: army/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: fleet pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre disband
lon disband
sil move ber
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
France: army naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: fleet pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove naf
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Turkey: fleet pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move rum
ber move sil
bla convoy ank move rum
boh support sil move mun
bre move gas
bud move gal
gal move sil
ion move nap
kie move mun
lon move yor
lvn move war
lvp move cly
gol move tys
mar support mun move bur
mos support ukr move war
mun move ber
nth move nrg
pic move bur
pie move gol
pru support ber move sil
rum move ser
sil move mun
smy move aeg
tun support tys move wes
tyr support sil move mun
tys move wes
ukr move war
ven move tus
vie hold
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber move kie
boh move sil
bud move gal
bur support gas move mar
cly move lvp
edi move yor
gal move vie
gas move mar
kie support pru move ber
lvn move war
gol support wes move spa
mid support spa
mar support wes move spa
mos move lvn
mun move kie
nap move rom
nrg support yor move edi
pru move ber
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sil support pru move ber
spa support gas move mar
stp/sc support lvn
tun support aeg move ion
tus support nap move rom
tyr move pie
tys move tus
vie move tyr
war move pru
wes move spa/sc
yor move edi
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
edi disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Army con
remove gal
remove pie
build Fleet smy
remove tus
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move rum
ber move kie
bla convoy ank move rum
boh move sil
bre move mid
bud move gal
bur support sil move mun
con move bul
edi move nwy via convoy
ion move nap
kie support sil move mun
lvn move war
gol support rom move tys
mid move naf
mar support spa
mos support war
mun support ber move kie
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pru move ber
rom move tys
ser move tri
sil move mun
smy move aeg
spa hold
stp/sc move bot
tun move ion
tyr support mun
tys move tus
vie support bud move gal
war support boh move sil
wes move tun
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber move kie
boh move sil
bot support nwy move stp
bul move ser
bur support sil move mun
gal move sil
ion move tys
lvn support pru
lvp move iri
gol support tys move wes
mid move wes
mar support tus move pie
mos support war
mun support ber move kie
naf support mid move wes
nap move rom
nwy move stp
pru support kie move ber
rum move ukr
sil support kie move ber
spa hold
tri move ven
tun support tys move wes
tus move pie
tyr move ven
tys move wes
vie move tri
war support gal move sil
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move ruh
sil move ber
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
