PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla move con
bot move swe
bul move gre
bur move mar
con move bul
den move ska
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
nth move bel
nrg move nwy
pie move mar
ruh move bel
rum support con move bul
ser support alb move gre
spa move mar
ukr move gal
ven move pie
vie move bud
war support ukr move gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Fleet rom
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla move con
bre move mid
bud support tri move ser
bul move gre
bur support spa move mar
con move ank
edi move nth
gal move bud
gre move ion
mar move gol
mos move war
nth move ska
nwy support nth move ska
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
rom move tys
ruh move bel
ser move gre
sev move ukr
ska move den
smy move eas
spa move mar
tri move ser
tun move wes
ven hold
vie support bud
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bud support vie move gal
bul move gre
bur support sil move mun
con move aeg
eas support con move aeg
gal support sil move boh
hol move kie
ion move gre
gol support spa/sc move wes
mid support spa/sc move wes
mar move pie
nth support ska move den
pie move mar
rum move sev
ser support ion move gre
sil move boh
ska move den
spa/sc move wes
swe support ska move den
tri move alb
tys support wes move gol
ukr move rum
ven move rom
vie move gal
war support gal
wes move gol
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet/dislodged gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move hel
gol move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb support gre
boh move vie
bud support ser
bul hold
bur support mar
con support bul
eas move ion
gal support boh move vie
gre support ser move bul
lon move hol via convoy
lvp move wal
gol support pie move mar
mid move iri
mar support bur
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy move stp/nc
pie move mar
rom move tun via convoy
rum move bud
ser move bul
sev move rum
spa/sc move gol
tys convoy rom move tun
vie support bud
war move lvn
wes support spa/sc move gol
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet/dislodged gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gol move tus
vie move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
alb support gre
bud support tri move vie
bul move gre
bur move mun
con move bul
den move swe
gal support rum move bud
gre support alb
ion support bul move gre
iri move mid
lvn move stp
gol support wes move tys
mar move pie
nth support hol
pie move mar
rum move bud
ser support bud
sev move rum
swe move nwy
tri move vie
tun hold
tus move tys
tys move nap
vie move tri
wal move eng
wes move tys
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Army par
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move alb
bud support ser
bul support gre move ser
con move alb via convoy
edi move nth
eng move bel
gal support rum move bud
gre move ser
ion convoy con move alb
lvn support nwy move stp
gol move tus
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun move ruh
nap support tus move rom
nth move ska
nwy move stp/nc
par move bur
pie move mar
rum move bud
ser support bud
sev move rum
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri support bud
tun hold
tus move rom
tys support gol move tus
vie move tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
bel support hol
bud support alb move tri
bul move gre
bur move mun
gal move sil
hol support bel
ion move adr
lon move nth
lvn support nwy move stp
mar move pie
nap support rom move tys
nth move den
nwy move stp/nc
pie move tus
rom move tys
ruh support bur move mun
rum move sev
ser support alb move tri
ska move nwy
stp/nc support ska move nwy
swe support ska move nwy
tri move ven
tun hold
tus support mar move pie
tys support wes move tun
vie support alb move tri
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
pie disband
stp/nc move bar
tys move gol
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army lon
build Army mos
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
bar move stp/nc
bel move eng
bud move vie
con hold
den move kie
gre move nap via convoy
hol support den move kie
ion convoy gre move nap
lvn move pru
gol move tys
mos support stp/nc
mun move tyr
nap move apu
nth move hel
nwy support bar move stp
pie support tus
ruh move mun
ser move tri
sil support vie move boh
smy move aeg
stp/nc hold
swe move bal
tri move ven
tun move naf
tus support gol move tys
tys move tun
ven support mun move tyr
vie move boh
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Turkey: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ven move rom
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Turkey: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg convoy con move gre
apu support ion
bal move ber
bar move stp/nc
boh move mun
con move gre via convoy
eng convoy lon move bel
hel move den
hol move ruh
ion support nap
kie support bal move ber
lon move bel via convoy
mos support stp/nc
mun support tyr
naf support tun
nap hold
nwy support bar move stp
pie support tyr
pru move ber
rom support pie move ven
sil support boh move mun
stp/nc hold
tri move tyr
tun support naf
tus support rom
tyr support mun
tys support apu move nap
ven hold
vie support tri move tyr
wes support tys
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Turkey: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move bur
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army con
build Army edi
build Army lon
remove naf
build Fleet smy
remove tyr
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg move ion
bar move stp/nc
bel move hol
bur move mun
con move smy
den move bal
edi move yor
eng convoy lon move bel
gre move alb
ion move tys
kie support ber
lon move bel via convoy
mos support stp/nc
mun move ber
nap move rom
nwy support bar move stp
pie move ven
pru support mun move ber
rom move nap
ruh support bur move mun
sil support mun move ber
smy move eas
stp/nc hold
tri move tyr
tun support ion move tys
tus support rom
tys move ion
ven support nap move rom
vie move boh
war move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
tys move gol
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr convoy alb move apu
alb move apu via convoy
bal move bot
bar move stp/nc
bel move bur
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
eas convoy smy move alb
gal move boh
hol move kie
ion convoy smy move alb
kie move bal
gol move tys
mos support stp/nc
mun support kie move ber
nap support tys move rom
nwy support bar move stp
pie move ven
pru support ber
rom support pie move ven
ruh support mun
sil support boh move mun
smy move alb via convoy
stp/nc hold
tun move wes
tus support gol move tys
tyr support boh move mun
tys move rom
ven move pie
wes support gol move tys
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Army mar
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
alb hold
apu support rom
bal move ber
bar move stp/nc
ber support mun move kie
boh move mun
bot support bar move stp
bur support ruh move mun
eas move ion
eng convoy lon move bel
ion move tys
kie support ruh move mun
lon move bel via convoy
mar support pie
mos support stp/nc
mun move kie
nap support rom
nwy support bar move stp
pie support tus
pru support war move lvn
rom support ion move tys
ruh move mun
sil support boh move mun
stp/nc hold
tun support ion move tys
tus support tys
tyr move pie
tys support tus
ven move tus
war move lvn
wes move tun
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tys move gol
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy alb move ven
alb move ven via convoy
bal move ber
bel move ruh
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bot support stp/nc
bur support mun
con move aeg
eng move mid
ion support tys
kie support mun
lvn move stp
gol move wes
mar support pie
mos support lvn move stp
mun support kie
nwy move nth
pie hold
pru support ber
rom support ven move tus
sil support boh move mun
tun support tys
tus move gol
tyr support boh move mun
tys hold
ven move tus
wes move naf
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy apu move tri
apu move tri via convoy
bal support kie move ber
boh move mun
bot support stp/nc
bur support mun
edi move yor
ion support tun
kie move ber
lon move hol via convoy
lvn move stp
gol support pie
mid move eng
mar support pie
mos support lvn move stp
mun support kie move ber
naf support wes
nth convoy lon move hol
pru support ber
rom support tys
ruh support mun
sil support boh move mun
tun hold
tus support tyr move pie
tyr move pie
tys move gol
ven support tyr move pie
wes support gol
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg hold
bal move ber
ber support sil move mun
boh support sil move mun
bot support stp/nc
bur move mun
eng move mid
hol support kie
ion support tun
kie support ruh move mun
lvn support pru
gol support mar
mar support bur
mos support lvn
mun move tyr
naf support wes
nap move apu
nth move eng
pie move mar
pru support ber
rom move tus
ruh support bur move mun
sil move mun
tri move bud
tun hold
tus move pie
tys move gol
ven move tri
wes support gol
yor move lon
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
England: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
remove lvn
build Army par
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
England: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support pie move ven
aeg convoy apu move con
apu move con via convoy
bal move den
boh move vie
bot move bal
bud move vie
bur move mun
con move bul
eng convoy lon move bel
ion convoy apu move con
lon move bel via convoy
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos move sev
naf support wes
par move bur
pie move ven
pru move war
ruh support bur move mun
sev move bla
sil move gal
tri support bud move vie
tun hold
tus support pie move ven
tyr support mar move pie
tys support tun
wes support gol
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
England: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move con
bal support kie move ber
bel move hol
bla move rum
boh move vie
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move ank
den move nth
gal support boh move vie
hol move ruh
ion support tun
kie move ber
gol support pie
mun move boh
naf move tun
pie support tyr
rom support tys
ruh move mun
sev move arm
tri move vie
tun hold
tus support ven
tyr support mun move boh
tys move gol
ven hold
vie move bud
war move gal
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Russia: army/dislodged ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
England: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move sil
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
England: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
remove sil
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
England: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
ank move arm
arm move smy
bal move ber
ber move pru
bla move rum
boh support mun move sil
bud support tri move vie
bul hold
con move bla
eng convoy lon move bel
gal support vie move bud
hol move kie
ion support tun
lon move bel via convoy
gol support pie move tus
mar move pie
mun move sil
naf move tun
pie move tus
rom support tys
ruh move mun
tri move vie
tun hold
tyr support vie
tys support tus
ven hold
vie move bud
war move ukr
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Turkey: army/dislodged bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
England: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move ser
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
England: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move ruh
ber move bal
bla support bul move rum
boh move vie
bud hold
bul move rum
gal support bud
ion support tys move tun
kie move ber
gol support pie move tus
mar move pie
mun move sil
naf move tun
pie move tus
pru move lvn
rom move tys
rum move sev
ser move bud
sil move pru
tri move adr
tun hold
tus move ven
tyr support boh move vie
tys move tun
ukr support rum move sev
ven move tri
vie support ser move bud
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
England: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
England: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
arm support rum move sev
ber move mun
bla support arm move sev
bud support gal move rum
gal move rum
ion move aeg
lon move hol via convoy
lvn move mos
gol support tus
naf move tun
nth convoy lon move hol
pie move ven
pru move war
rom move tys
ruh move kie
rum move sev
ser support tri
sev hold
sil support pru move war
smy move con
tri hold
tun support tys
tus support pie move ven
tyr support vie move tri
tys move ion
ukr support sev
vie move tri
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
England: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move bul
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
England: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg support bla move con
arm move smy
bal move den
bla move con
bud move ser
bul support ser
con move bul
eng move mid
hol move kie
ion hold
kie move mun
gol support tus
mid move naf
mos support war
mun move boh
nth move eng
rum support con move bul
ser support tri move bud
sev support rum
sil move gal
stp/nc move nwy
tri move bud
tun support wes
tus move rom
tyr support pie move ven
tys move nap
ukr support sev
ven move tri
vie move tri
war support mos
wes support gol
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul move gre
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
England: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Army lvp
build Fleet mar
remove nap
build Army par
remove ukr
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
England: army tyr
Turkey: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg support gre move bul
boh move gal
bud support ser
bul move rum
con support gre move bul
den move nth
eng convoy lon move bel
gal move bud
gre move bul
ion move nap
kie move ber
lon move bel via convoy
lvp move yor
gol move tys
mid move naf
mar move gol
mos support war move ukr
mun move boh
naf move wes
par move bur
pie move ven
rom support pie move ven
rum move sev
ser hold
sev move bla
smy move ank
tri support ser
tun support gol move tys
tyr move tri
vie support gal move bud
war move ukr
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army boh
France: supply bre
England: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
England: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg support nap move ion
ank move arm
ber move mun
bla support sev
bud support tyr move tri
bur move mar
con support bul
gal move rum
gol hold
mos move sev
nap move ion
nth convoy yor move hol
nwy move nrg
rom support tys move nap
rum support sev
ser support tri
sev support rum
tri hold
tun move ion
tyr move tri
tys move nap
ukr support gal move rum
vie support tyr move tri
wes move tys
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army boh
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
England: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army bre
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army par
remove tri
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
England: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg support ion
arm support mos move sev
bel move ruh
boh move gal
bud move ser
bul support ser
con support bul
edi move hol via convoy
eng convoy lon move bel
hol move kie
ion hold
lon move bel via convoy
gol move tys
mos support sev
mun move boh
nap support tys move ion
nth convoy edi move hol
rom move ven
rum support bud move ser
ser hold
sev hold
tun support tys move ion
tyr support vie move tri
tys move ion
ven move tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
England: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
England: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
England: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg support ion
arm support mos move sev
bel move ruh
boh move vie
bre hold
bud move ser
bul support ser
con move bla
eng move mid
gal move bud
hol move kie
ion hold
kie move ber
gol move tys
mid move naf
mar move pie
mos support ukr
naf move wes
nap support tys move ion
nth move eng
nrg move nth
par hold
rom support ven
ruh move mun
rum support bud move ser
ser hold
sev hold
tun support tys move ion
tyr support tri
tys move ion
ukr support rum
ven support tri
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
England: army bud
England: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
England: army rum
England: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
England: army tri
England: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
England: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
