PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar support par move bur
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move bur
rom move tus
sev hold
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bot move swe
bre move eng
bud move ser
bul move rum
bur move mar
gal move vie
kie move hol
lon move nth
mar move spa
nrg move nwy
pie move mar
ruh move mun
ser move gre
tus move ven
tys move tun
ukr support sev
wal hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army ven
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ser move tri
arm move rum via convoy
ber move sil
bla convoy arm move rum
bre move mid
bud support rum move gal
bur support spa move mar
con move bul/ec
den move nth
eng support den move nth
gre move ser
hol hold
kie move hel
lon move eng
mos move sev
mun hold
nap move tys
nth move bel
nwy move stp/nc
pie move mar
rum move gal
ser move tri
sev move rum
spa move mar
stp/nc support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tun move wes
tus move pie
ukr support sev move rum
vie move bud
wal hold
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move ska
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
arm move sev
bel support lon move eng
bla support arm move sev
bud move vie
bul/ec support gal move rum
bur move mar
eng support hol move bel
gal move rum
hel move den
hol move bel
lon move eng
mid move por
mar move spa
mun move tyr
nth move edi
nwy support nth
pie move mar
rum move bla
ser support gal move rum
sev move mos
sil move boh
ska move nwy
stp/nc move bar
tri support bud move vie
tus move pie
tys move gol
ukr move sev
vie move gal
wal support lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army con
build Army kie
build Fleet mar
build Fleet sev
remove wes
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm support con move sev
bar move nwy
bla convoy con move sev
boh hold
bud move gal
bul/ec support rum
bur move bel
con move sev via convoy
den move nth
edi support den move nth
eng support edi move nth
gal move rum
hol support bur move bel
kie move den
lon move eng
gol hold
mar support tyr move pie
mos support sev
nwy move swe
pie support tri move tyr
por move mid
rum support bud move gal
ser move tri
sev support gal move rum
ska move nth
spa support mar
tri move tyr
tus move ven
tyr move pie
ukr support gal move rum
ven move apu
vie support tri move tyr
wal hold
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
Italy: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move war
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move nap
arm support con move sev
bel hold
bla convoy con move sev
boh move mun
bul/ec support rum
con move sev via convoy
edi move cly
eng support bel
gal move ukr
mid move wes
mar hold
mos support ukr move sev
nth move lon
nwy support swe move ska
pie move tyr
rum support con move sev
sev move arm
spa support mar
swe move ska
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ukr move sev
vie move boh
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm support sev
bel move bur
bla support sev
boh move mun
bre move mid
bud move gal
bul/ec move con
cly move lvp
den move kie
eng support nth move lon
gal move sil
hol move ruh
lon move nth
mar move gol
mos move sev
mun move sil
nap move tys
nth move lon
nwy move nth
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
ska move swe
smy move aeg
spa move mar
tri move tyr
tyr move mun
ukr move rum
ven support tri move tyr
vie support bud move gal
wal move lvp
war move gal
wes support mar move gol
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet/dislodged gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army/dislodged tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
lon move yor
tyr move pie
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm support sev
bla move con
boh support vie move tyr
bud move vie
bur support mun
cly move lvp
con move aeg
eng support lon
gal support rum move ukr
kie support ruh move mun
gol move tys
mid move wes
mar support bur
mos move sev
mun move sil
nth move edi
pie move tus
ruh move mun
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
swe move nwy
tyr move ven
tys move tun
ukr move rum
ven move rom
vie move tyr
wal move lvp
war move gal
wes move tun
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army tri
remove yor
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm support sev
ber support mun move sil
boh move mun
bur support mun
cly move lvp
con move aeg
eng hold
gal support rum move ukr
ion move tys
kie move mun
lon move wal
gol support wes move tys
mid move wes
mar hold
mos move sev
mun move sil
nth move eng
nwy move nrg
rom support tys move tus
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
sil move gal
tri move vie
tus move ven
tyr support boh move mun
tys move tus
ukr move rum
ven move pie
vie move boh
wal move lvp
war move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
ber move pru
boh support mun move sil
bur support kie move mun
cly hold
con move aeg
eng move bel
gal support sev move ukr
ion move tys
kie move mun
lon move wal
gol move tus
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun move sil
nth hold
nrg move nat
pie move ven
rom move nap
ruh support kie move mun
rum support sev move ukr
sev move ukr
sil move gal
tus move rom
tyr support pie move ven
tys support wes move tun
ukr move rum
ven move rom
vie move tri
wal move lvp
war support sil move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Germany: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move bud
ven move apu
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army stp
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move eng
boh support sil move mun
bre move mid
bud support tri move vie
bur support mun
lvp move edi
gol move tus
mos move ukr
nap move apu
pie move ven
sil move mun
tri move vie
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr support sil move mun
tys support gol move tus
ven support nap move apu
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army/dislodged ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
boh support tyr move mun
bud support vie move gal
bur support ruh move mun
con move bla
edi move lvp
ion move tys
mun move kie
nat move lvp
nap support rom
nth support cly move edi
pie move tyr
rom hold
rum support arm move sev
stp move mos
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr move mun
tys support tus move rom
ukr move sev
ven move tus
vie move gal
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army/dislodged gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu support tys move rom
bla move con
boh move sil
bud move tri
bur support tyr move mun
con move bul
edi support lvp
eng move lon
gal support rum move ukr
ion move tys
kie move ber
lvp hold
mid hold
mos support ukr move sev
mun support boh move sil
nat move cly
nap support rom
nth move edi
pru support sil move ber
rom support nap
ruh move kie
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
sil move war
tri move adr
tun support tys move ion
tus move tys
tyr move mun
tys move ion
ukr move sev
ven support vie move tyr
vie move tyr
wal support eng move lon
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army apu
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move eas
mun move boh
sev move arm
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move apu
apu move alb
ber move mun
boh support ber move mun
bur support mun
cly move edi
gal support sil move war
ion move nap
kie support pru move ber
lon move eng
mid hold
mos move ukr
mun support pru move ber
nap hold
nth support cly move edi
rom support nap
sev move arm
sil move war
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr support ber move mun
tys support ion move nap
ven move apu
wal support cly move lvp
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army/dislodged edi
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
