PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar support par move bur
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
bot move swe
bul move gre
bur support tyr move mun
con move bul
eng move bre
gal move vie
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
mar move spa
nth convoy yor move nwy
ruh move mun
stp move nwy
tyr move mun
ven move tri
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet ank
build Army ber
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army rom
build Fleet sev
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
ber support ruh move mun
bul support gre move ser
bur move bel
con move aeg
gre move ser
hol move kie
lon move eng
mos move war
mun move ruh
nap move apu
nth convoy yor move nwy
par support spa move gas
por move mid
rom move ven
ruh move mun
rum support sev
sev support rum
smy move eas
spa move gas
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri support vie move bud
tun move ion
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move gal
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
mun move boh
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
apu move adr
bel move hol
ber support mun
boh move mun
bud support tri move ser
bul move gre
con move bul/sc
eas move ion
eng move bel
gal move sil
gas support par move bre
ion move gre
kie move hol
mid move eng
nth support eng move bel
nwy support swe
par move bre
rum move bul/ec
sev move bla
swe support nwy
tri move ser
tyr support boh move mun
ven move tri
war move pru
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army/dislodged bel
England: fleet bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
England: fleet/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move ruh
bre move mid
ion move alb
ser move alb
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support ion move gre
ank hold
bel move nth
ber move mun
bla move con
boh move mun
bre move pic
bul support con
con support bul
den move kie
eng move mid
gas support mar move spa
ion move gre
kie support ber move mun
mid move por
mar move spa/sc
mun move bur
nap move tys
nth move nrg
pru move ber
ruh move bel
rum move bul/ec
ser support rum move bul
sev move arm
sil support pru move ber
stp/nc move nwy
swe move bal
tri move alb
tyr support boh move mun
yor move lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb move gre
ank support con
arm move ank
bal move den
bel move hol
bla support arm move ank
boh move mun
bud move rum
bul/ec move con
bur move par
con support ank
den move kie
gas move mar
gre hold
ion support alb move gre
kie move hol
mid move por
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
pic move par
ser support alb move gre
sil support boh move mun
spa/sc support mid move por
stp/nc support nwy
tyr support boh move mun
tys support ion
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Turkey: fleet/dislodged gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gre move aeg
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army mos
build Army par
build Army rom
build Army sev
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support bul/ec move con
bal move swe
bel move hol
ber support mun move kie
bla support bul/ec move con
bul/ec move con
bur move gas
con support smy
den move kie
gre move ser
ion move aeg
kie move hol
mar move gas
mun move kie
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
par move bur
pic support par move bur
por move mid
rom move ven
rum hold
ser move bud
sev move arm
smy support con
spa/sc move mar
stp/nc support nwy
tyr move mun
tys move ion
ven move tyr
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move ruh
kie disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
ank support bla move con
bel move hol
ber support kie
bla move con
bud support ser move rum
bur move ruh
con move smy
den hold
ion move aeg
kie support bel move hol
mid move nat
mar move bur
mun support kie
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
pic move bel
ruh move hol
ser move rum
spa/sc move mid
stp/nc support nwy
swe move den
tyr move vie
ven move tyr
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move sev
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
build Fleet bre
remove mos
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
remove ruh
remove stp/nc
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank support con
bel move ruh
ber support sil
bla move bul/ec
bre move eng
bud support rum
bul/sc support aeg move con
bur support bel move ruh
con support bla move bul
den hold
hol support kie
kie support mun move ber
mid support bre move eng
mar move gas
mun move ber
nat support nrg
nap move ion
nrg move bar
nwy move den
rom move ven
rum support bul/sc
sev move rum
sil support ber
swe support nwy move den
tyr move boh
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war support sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc
ank support con
bar move stp/nc
ber move pru
bla move bul/ec
boh support mun move sil
bud support rum
bul/sc support smy move con
bur support tyr move mun
con support bla move bul
den hold
eng move bel
gal move war
gas move lvp via convoy
hol move kie
ion move eas
kie move ber
mid convoy gas move lvp
mun move sil
nat convoy gas move lvp
nth move nwy
nwy move stp
ruh support hol move kie
rum support war move ukr
sev support war move ukr
sil move war
swe move nwy
tyr move mun
ven move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bar
build Fleet bre
build Fleet mar
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank support con move smy
bel move hol
ber move pru
bla support sev move rum
boh support mun
bre move eng
bud support rum
bul/sc support aeg move con
bur move mun
con move smy
den hold
eas move smy
gal support rum
kie move ber
lvp move edi
mid support bre move eng
mar move spa/sc
mun support sil
nat move nrg
nwy move den
pru move war
rom move ven
ruh move kie
rum support bul/sc
sev move rum
sil support ber move pru
swe support nwy move den
tri move ser
ukr support pru move war
ven move tyr
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
smy disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support smy move con
ber support hol move kie
bla move bul/ec
boh move sil
bud move rum
bul/sc support con
bur move mun
con support eas move smy
den hold
eas move smy
edi move den via convoy
eng move bel
gal support rum move ukr
hol move kie
kie move ruh
lon move yor
mid move nat
mun support boh move sil
nth move lon
nrg move bar
pru support sil move war
rum move ukr
ser support bud move rum
sev move rum
sil move war
smy move con
spa/sc move mid
swe move bal
tyr move boh
ukr move gal
ven move tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Italy: fleet/dislodged con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Russia: army/dislodged ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
con move aeg
ukr move mos
war move lvn
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove lon
build Fleet mar
remove nwy
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support smy move con
ank move smy
bal move pru
bar move nrg
bel move nth
ber move mun
bla support sev move rum
boh move gal
bre move eng
bul/sc support smy move con
bur support ber move mun
con move bul/sc
den hold
edi move lvp
gal move ukr
kie support den
lvn move war
mid move wes
mar move gol
mos move ukr
mun support tyr move boh
nat move mid
pru support sil move war
ruh support ber move mun
rum support ukr move sev
ser support bul/sc
sev move rum
sil move war
smy move con
tyr move boh
ukr move sev
ven move tri
war move mos
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Russia: fleet/dislodged con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Italy: army/dislodged rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
con move ank
rum move bud
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank support smy move con
bal move pru
bla support smy move con
boh move gal
bud move rum
bul/sc support con
bur support mun
con support aeg move smy
den move swe
eng move lon
gal move ukr
kie support nth move den
lvn support mos
lvp support yor move edi
gol move pie
mid move wes
mos support bla move sev
mun support kie move ber
nth move den
nrg move nth
pru move lvn
ruh support mun
rum support mos move sev
ser support bud move rum
sev support war move mos
sil move war
smy move con
tri move ven
tyr move pie
war move mos
wes move tun
yor move edi
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Italy: fleet/dislodged con
Russia: supply con
France: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
con move aeg
mos move stp
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
build Fleet bre
remove lvn
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank support con
bla support con
bre move mid
bul/sc move aeg
bur move ruh
con support ank
den support kie move bal
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move sil
kie move bal
lon move yor
lvp support lon move yor
gol move tys
mar move spa/sc
mos support war move lvn
mun move ber
nap support aeg move ion
nth convoy edi move nwy
par move bur
pru move ber
ruh move kie
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
smy move con
swe move nwy
tun move ion
tyr move boh
ukr move sev
ven move tyr
war move lvn
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support smy move con
ank support con
arm move ank
bal support den move swe
bla support con
boh move mun
bul support smy move con
bur move mun
con support ank
den move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
ion support nap move tys
kie support mun move ber
lvn support mos move stp
gol move tys
mid move nat
mos move stp
mun move ber
nap move tys
nth move nwy
pru move ber
ruh support bur move mun
rum support bul
sev support rum
sil support pru move ber
smy move con
spa/sc move gol
tun support gol move tys
tyr move pie
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Russia: supply con
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
swe move ska
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army mar
build Army par
build Fleet rom
remove ska
build Army ven
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
arm move ank
bal support mun move ber
boh move mun
bul move ser
bur move mun
con support arm move ank
ion support rom move tys
kie support mun move ber
lvn move stp
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mun move ber
nat move nrg
nap support ion
nwy move stp/nc
par move bur
pie support ven move tyr
pru move ber
rom move tys
ruh support bur move mun
rum move gal
sev move mos
sil support boh move mun
stp move fin
swe move fin
tun support tys
ven move tyr
wes support tys
yor move nth
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Russia: fleet/dislodged ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move bla
pie move ven
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank hold
bal support ber
bla move sev
boh support tyr move mun
bur move mun
con hold
gal move rum
gre support ion
ion support nap move tys
kie support bur move mun
lvn move stp
lvp move edi
gol move tus
mos move sev
nap move tys
nth move nwy
nrg move bar
nwy move swe
par move gas
pie move tyr
pru move ber
rom move tus
ruh support bur move mun
ser move bul
sil support tyr move mun
stp move fin
swe move bot
tun support tys
tyr move mun
tys support gol move tus
ven support rom move tus
wes support tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bla
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army fin
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bal support ber
bar move stp/nc
ber support bur move mun
boh support sil move mun
bot support swe move fin
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move aeg
fin move stp
gre move ion
ion move tys
kie support bur move mun
lvp move edi
gol support tys
mos support fin move stp
nap support ion move tys
nwy support bar move stp
pie move tyr
pru move ber
rom support ion move tys
ruh support bur move mun
rum move ukr
sil move mun
stp move lvn
swe move fin
tun support tys
tus support ion move tys
tyr support ven move pie
ven move pie
wes move naf
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet fin
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
pie move mar
tys move wes
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet fin
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
arm move sev
bal support ber
bar support fin move stp
boh support sil move mun
bot support fin move stp
fin move stp/sc
gas support mar
ion support nap move tys
kie support mun
lvn move stp
mos support lvn move stp
naf support tun
nap move tys
nwy move nth
pie support tyr
pru move ber
rom support nap move tys
ruh support mun
ser move tri
sil move mun
tus support tys move gol
tyr support sil move mun
tys move gol
ukr move war
wes support gol
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/sc
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army par
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/sc
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bal support ber
bar move nrg
boh move mun
bot support stp/sc
gas move mar
ion support rom move tys
kie support mun
lvn move stp
lvp move edi
mar move pie
mos support lvn move stp
naf support tun
nap support rom move tys
nth move hel
par move bur
pie move ven
pru support sil move ber
rom move tys
ruh support mun
sev move ukr
sil move ber
tri move vie
tus move pie
tyr support tus move pie
tys move gol
war move lvn
wes support gol
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/sc
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support ber
boh move mun
bot support stp/sc
bur support mun
gas move mar
hel move kie
ion move nap
kie move den
lvn move stp
mar move pie
mos support lvn move stp
naf support tun
nap move rom
nrg move nth
pie support tys move gol
pru move ber
rom move tus
ruh support mun
sil support boh move mun
tyr support pie
tys move gol
ven support rom move tus
war support sil
wes support gol
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/sc
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal convoy den move pru
ber support den move pru
boh move mun
bot support stp/sc
bur support mun
den move pru via convoy
gas move mar
ion move tun
kie support ber
lvn move stp
lvp support nth move yor
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos support lvn move stp
naf support tun
nap support tys
nth move yor
pie move gol
pru move lvn
rom support tys
ruh support mun
sil support boh move mun
tus support pie move gol
tyr move pie
tys support pie move gol
ukr move gal
ven support tyr move pie
vie move tyr
war support pru move lvn
wes support gol
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet/dislodged gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/sc
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
gol move spa/sc
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/sc
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
bal support pru
ber support pru
boh support sil move mun
bot support stp/sc
bur support mun
gal move sil
gas support mar
ion move tun
kie move den
lvn hold
gol move wes
mos support lvn
mun hold
naf support tun
nap support tys
pie move mar
pru hold
rom move tus
ruh support mun
sil move mun
spa/sc support wes
stp/sc hold
tus move gol
tyr support sil move mun
tys support gol move wes
ven move tri
war support lvn
yor move lon
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/sc
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ven
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/sc
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support pru
ber support pru
boh move mun
bot support stp/sc
bur support mun
den move nth
gal move war
gas support mar
ion move tun
lon move wal
lvn support war move pru
lvp move yor
gol convoy pie move spa
mos support lvn
naf support tun
nap move ion
pie move spa via convoy
rom support tys
ruh support mun
sil support war move pru
spa/sc support wes
tri move vie
tus support gol
tyr support boh move mun
tys support ion move tun
ven move pie
war move pru
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/sc
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
bal support pru
ber support pru
boh move mun
bot support stp/sc
bur support mun
gal move boh
gas support mar
ion support tys move tun
lvn move pru
gol move wes
mos move stp
naf support tun
nap support tys
nth convoy yor move nwy
pie move mar
rom move tus
ruh support mun
sil move ber
spa/sc support wes
tus move gol
tyr support boh move mun
tys support gol move wes
ven move pie
wal move lvp
war support lvn move pru
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/sc
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support pru
ber support pru
boh support gal move sil
bot support nwy move stp
bur support mun
gal move sil
gas support mar
ion move tun
lvn support sil move pru
gol support pie move mar
mos support lvn
naf support tun
nap move ion
nth move yor
nwy move stp
pie move mar
rom support tys
ruh support mun
sil move pru
spa/sc support wes
stp/sc move fin
tus support gol
tyr move mun
tys support ion move tun
ven move tri
vie move gal
war support sil move pru
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet fin
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
bal support stp move lvn
ber support pru
boh move sil
bot support stp move lvn
bur support mun
fin move stp/sc
gal support boh move sil
gas support mar
ion move tun
lvn support sil move pru
gol support tys move wes
mos support lvn
mun hold
naf support tun
nap support rom move tys
pie move mar
pru support stp move lvn
rom move tys
ruh support mun
sil move pru
spa/sc support wes
stp move lvn
tri move bud
tus support gol
tyr support vie move boh
tys move wes
vie move boh
war support lvn
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet fin
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
bal support stp move lvn
ber move sil
boh support gal move sil
bot support stp move lvn
bud move rum
bur support mun
fin move stp/sc
gal move sil
gas support mar
ion support tys move tun
lvn support sil move pru
gol support pie move mar
mos support lvn
mun support ber move sil
naf support tun
nap support rom move tys
pie move mar
pru move war
rom move tys
ruh support mun
sil move pru
spa/sc support wes
stp move lvn
tus support gol
tyr move mun
tys move tun
vie move gal
war support lvn
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/sc
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
bal move den
ber support pru
boh move sil
bot move swe
bur support mun
gal support boh move sil
gas support mar
ion move tun
lvn hold
gol support pie move mar
mos support war
mun hold
naf support tun
nap move ion
pie move mar
pru hold
rom support tys
ruh support mun
rum move ukr
sil move pru
spa/sc support wes
stp/sc support lvn
tus support gol
tyr support vie move boh
tys support ion move tun
vie move boh
war support sil move pru
yor move lon
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/sc
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ven
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/sc
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support pru
boh support tyr move mun
bur support mun
den move nth
gal move war
gas support mar
ion support tys move tun
lon move wal
gol support pie move mar
mos move lvn
naf support tun
nap move tys
pie move mar
rom support nap move tys
ruh support mun
sil support war move pru
spa/sc support wes
stp/sc support lvn
swe move nwy
tus support gol
tyr move mun
tys move tun
ukr support gal move war
ven move tri
vie move gal
war move pru
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/sc
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support pru
boh support sil move mun
bur support mun
gal move war
gas support mar
ion move tun
lvp move cly
gol move wes
mos support war move lvn
naf support tun
nap move ion
nth move yor
nwy move nrg
pie move mar
rom support tys
ruh support mun
sil move mun
spa/sc support wes
stp/sc support lvn
tri move bud
tus move gol
tyr support sil move mun
tys support gol move wes
ukr support gal move war
vie move gal
wal move lvp
war move lvn
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/sc
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
ber support pru
boh support gal move sil
bud move rum
bur support mun
gal move sil
gas support mar
ion support tys move tun
gol support pie move mar
mos move stp
naf support tun
nap support rom move tys
nrg support yor move edi
pie move mar
rom move tys
ruh support mun
sil move pru
spa/sc support wes
stp/sc support lvn
tus support gol
tyr move mun
tys move tun
ukr support war
vie move gal
war support sil move pru
yor move edi
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/sc
France: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
