PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
arm move sev
bot move swe
bud move tri
bul move rum
den hold
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
nth move bel
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
ruh move bur
ser support bud move tri
sev move rum
spa hold
tyr move vie
ukr move sev
ven move tri
war move gal
yor hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur move gas
con support bla
den hold
gal support bud move vie
gre move alb
hol move bel
kie move hol
lon move eng
mar move bur
mos support sev
mun support tri move tyr
nap move ion
nth support hol move bel
nwy hold
par support mar move bur
pic support mar move bur
por move mid
rom move nap
ser move tri
sev support ukr move rum
spa move gas
tri move tyr
tun support nap move ion
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
yor hold
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bur move ruh
vie move boh
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move rum via convoy
bel move pic
bla hold
boh move mun
bul support arm move rum
bur support par
con support bla
den move kie
eng move iri
gal move rum
hol move ruh
ion move aeg
mid move bre
mos support sev
mun support ruh move bur
nap move apu
nth move eng
nwy hold
par support bur
pic move bre
ruh move bur
ser support gal move rum
sev support gal move rum
spa move gas
tun move ion
tyr move tri
ukr support gal move rum
vie move tri
yor hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove boh
build Fleet tri
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu support ven
arm move smy
bel move pic
ber move mun
bla support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur hold
con move aeg
eng support bel move pic
gas support bur
gre support rum move bul
hol move bel
ion move adr
iri hold
kie move den
mid move bre
mos support sev
mun move bur
nwy move nrg
par support bur
pic move bre
ruh support mun move bur
rum move bul
ser support gre
sev support ukr move rum
tri move adr
tyr support vie move tri
ukr move rum
vie move tri
war move ukr
yor hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
apu support ven
bel support mun move bur
ber move mun
bla support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur hold
con support bla
den hold
eng support iri move mid
gas support par move bre
gre support rum move bul
ion support aeg move gre
iri move mid
mid hold
mos move sev
mun move bur
nrg move nat
par move bre
pic move par
ruh support mun move bur
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move arm
smy hold
tri move adr
tyr support vie move tri
ukr move rum
vie move tri
war move ukr
yor move wal
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move mar
gre move alb
mid move por
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army kie
build Army rom
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
apu support ion move adr
arm move bla
bel hold
bla support bul move rum
bre hold
bul move rum
bur move gas
con move ank
den move bal
eng convoy wal move bre
gas support bre
gre move alb
ion move adr
kie move den
mid support wal move bre
mar move bur
mun hold
par support wal move bre
por move mid
rom support ven
ruh move bur
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev support ukr move rum
smy hold
tri support adr move ven
tyr move pie
ukr move rum
ven hold
wal move bre via convoy
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
France: army/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move pic
bul move con
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
alb support ven move tri
apu move ion
arm move sev
bal hold
bel support ruh move bur
bre support bur move gas
bul support ser move gre
bur move gas
den hold
eng support bre
gal move bud
gas support pic move par
mid move wes
mar move bur
mun move tyr
nat move mid
par support bur move gas
pic move par
pie support tri move ven
por move mid
rom move ven
ruh move bur
rum support bul
ser move gre
sev move ukr
swe move nwy
tri move ven
ven move tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
France: army/dislodged gas
Austria: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
gas move spa
tri move vie
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mos
remove pic
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb move gre
bal support den move swe
bel move ruh
bre hold
bud support vie move tri
bul support gre
bur support gas move mar
den move swe
eng move nth
gas move mar
gre support bul
ion move tun
mar support spa
mos move stp
nat move nrg
nwy move swe
par move pic
pie move ven
por move mid
rum support bul
sev move bla
spa support mar
stp/sc move bot
tri support ven
tyr support pie move ven
ukr move gal
ven support tri
vie move tri
war move sil
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri move ser
ven move rom
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support ion move gre
bal support swe
bla support bul move con
bot move swe
bre move gas
bud support gre move ser
bul move con
bur support gas move mar
gal move rum
gas move mar
gre move ser
ion move gre
mar support spa
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy support bot move swe
pic move bel
por move mid
rom move ven
ruh move mun
rum move bul
ser move tri
sil move ber
spa support mar
stp support nwy
swe support nrg move nwy
tri support gre move ser
tyr support tri
ven support tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move pie
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
remove pie
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move adr
bal move swe
bel move ruh
ber move kie
bla support con move ank
bot support nwy move swe
bud move gal
bul move con
bur move par
con move ank
gas support wes move spa
kie support mun move ber
mid move iri
mar support wes move spa
mun move ber
nth support swe move nwy
nrg support swe move nwy
nwy move swe
rom move ven
rum move bul
ser move gre
spa hold
stp move fin
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tyr move boh
ven move tus
vie move tri
war move sil
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: army/dislodged ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
nwy move bar
spa move por
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
ank support con move smy
bar move nrg
ber hold
bla move con
boh move mun
bot move bal
bul support ser move gre
con move smy
fin move stp
gal move boh
gas move spa
iri move lvp
kie support ber
mar support gas move spa
nth move eng
nrg support swe move nwy
nwy move stp
par move bur
por move spa
rom support adr move ven
ruh move mun
ser move gre
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc move mid
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tun move wes
tus support tri move ven
vie move tri
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Italy: fleet/dislodged gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre move ion
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mun
remove wes
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support rom move ven
ank move arm
bal move den
bar move nwy
ber support mun move sil
boh support mun move sil
bul move rum
bur move mun
con move aeg
eng move wal
fin move stp
gal move boh
ion move gre
kie move den
lvp move iri
mid move por
mar move bur
mun move sil
nrg support nwy
nwy support swe
por hold
pru move ber
rom move ven
ruh move kie
sil support pru move ber
smy move con
spa support mid move por
swe support kie move den
tri move ven
tus move rom
vie move tyr
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bal move swe
bar support stp move nwy
boh move sil
bur move ruh
den move bal
gal move boh
gre hold
iri move lvp
kie support ber
mar move bur
mun support boh move sil
nrg support nwy
nwy support swe
por hold
pru move ber
rom support tri move ven
rum move ukr
sil move mun
spa move mar
stp move nwy
swe support den move bal
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
wal move lvp
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet/dislodged bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
England: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move bot
sil move war
ven move apu
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move ion
bal move lvn
bar support stp move nwy
ber move pru
boh support war move sil
bot move bal
bur support mun
con move bul
edi move cly
gre support tri move alb
ion move nap
iri move lvp
kie move den
lon move eng
mun support sil
nrg support nwy
nwy support bot move fin
por move mid
pru support war move sil
rom support ven move apu
ruh move kie
sev move mos
sil support ber move pru
stp move nwy
swe move fin
tri move alb
tyr move ven
ukr move gal
ven move apu
vie move tri
wal move lvp
war move sil
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ion
apu move nap
bal move lvn
bar support stp
ber support sil
boh support war move sil
bul move rum
bur move mun
cly move lvp
den support kie
eng move mid
fin support lvn move stp
gal support war move sil
gre move ser
ion move tun
iri move lvp
kie support ber
lvn move stp/sc
mid move wes
mos support stp
mun support sil
nap move tys
nrg move bar
nwy support lvn move stp
pru support war move sil
rom support apu move nap
sil support ber
tri move tyr
ven move pie
wal support cly move lvp
war move sil
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
build Fleet lon
build Fleet sev
build Fleet tri
remove tys
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar move nrg
ber support mun
boh support sil move mun
bur support mun
den hold
fin support stp/sc
gal move sil
ion move tys
kie support ber
lon move nth
lvn move bal
lvp move iri
mid move wes
mos move lvn
mun support ber
nap move rom
nrg move bar
nwy support stp/sc
pie move mar
pru move ber
rom move tus
rum move ukr
ser move tri
sev move bla
sil move mun
stp/sc hold
tri move adr
tun move wes
tyr support sil move mun
wal move eng
wes move gol
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
bal support pru move ber
bar move nrg
ber move sil
bla move con
boh support mun
bur move mun
den support nwy move swe
fin support stp/sc
iri move mid
kie support bur move mun
lvn move stp
gol support mar move pie
mid move spa/sc
mar move pie
mun support pru move ber
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy move swe
pie move mar
pru move ber
rom move ven
ruh support bur move mun
sil support mun
stp/sc hold
tri move bud
tun move wes
tus move pie
tyr support mun
tys support tun move wes
ukr move mos
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet sev
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support mun move kie
bar move stp/nc
ber support mun move kie
boh move mun
bud move ser
bur move mun
con move aeg
den support kie
eng move mid
fin move bot
ion move tun
kie support den
lvn support bar move stp
lvp move iri
gol support mid move wes
mid move wes
mos support bar move stp
mun move kie
nrg move bar
nwy support nrg move bar
ruh support bur move mun
sev move bla
sil support boh move mun
spa/sc support mid move wes
stp/sc support fin move bot
swe support den
tri move adr
tus move pie
tyr support mun
tys support wes move gol
ven support tus move pie
vie move tri
wes move gol
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
England: fleet/dislodged gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: army/dislodged pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet/dislodged stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move hol
gol move mar
pie disband
stp/sc move fin
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move ion
bal move den
bar support fin move stp
ber support kie
bla move con
boh move mun
bot move bal
bur move mun
den support hol move kie
fin move stp/sc
hol move kie
iri move mid
kie hold
lvn support stp/nc
gol support tun move wes
mid move naf
mar move gol
mos support stp/nc
nwy support fin move stp
pie move mar
ruh support hol move kie
sil support boh move mun
spa/sc support mar
stp/nc hold
swe support den
tri move vie
tun move wes
tyr support boh move mun
tys support tun move wes
ven move pie
wes support mid move naf
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
remove fin
build Fleet lon
remove swe
build Army war
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move ion
bal support kie move den
bar move stp/nc
ber support mun move kie
bot move swe
bur support ruh
con move aeg
den move kie
edi move nth
hol support den move kie
ion move tun
kie move den
lon move eng
lvn support mos move stp
gol support wes move spa
mid support spa/sc move wes
mar move gol
mos support stp/nc
mun move kie
naf support spa/sc move wes
nwy support bot move swe
pie move mar
ruh support den move kie
sil support tyr move mun
spa/sc move wes
stp/nc hold
tyr move mun
tys support ion move tun
ven move pie
war move pru
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal move kie
bar move stp/nc
ber support bal move kie
bur support mar
eng move mid
hol support kie
ion move tun
kie hold
lvn support mos move stp
gol move mar
mid move spa/sc
mar move gol
mos move stp
mun move bur
naf support wes
nth move den
nwy support bar move stp
pie support gol move mar
pru move sil
ruh support kie
sil move mun
stp/nc move nwy
swe move den
tun move wes
tyr support sil move mun
tys support tun move wes
vie move boh
wes support mid move spa
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Russia: fleet mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Russia: fleet mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support mun move kie
bar move stp/nc
ber support mun move kie
boh move mun
bur move mar
hol support kie
ion support tun
kie support ruh
lvn support stp/nc
mid move spa/sc
mar move gol
mos support stp/nc
mun move kie
naf support wes
nth move den
nwy support bar move stp
pie move mar
ruh support kie
ser move tri
sil support boh move mun
spa/sc move gol
stp/nc hold
swe support nth move den
tri move adr
tun hold
tyr support boh move mun
tys support mar move gol
ven move pie
wes support spa/sc move gol
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Russia: fleet mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move ion
bal move kie
bar move stp/nc
ber support sil move mun
bur move mar
den move bal
hol support kie
ion move tun
kie support ruh
lvn support mos move stp
mid support naf move wes
mar move gol
mos move stp
mun move bur
naf move wes
nwy support bar move stp
pie move mar
pru support ber
ruh support kie
sil move mun
spa/sc support wes move gol
stp/nc move nwy
swe support den move bal
tri move vie
tun move wes
tyr support sil move mun
tys support mar move gol
ven move pie
wes move gol
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet/dislodged bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Russia: fleet mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move bot
mun move boh
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Russia: fleet mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet sev
build Army war
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Russia: fleet mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move nap
bal move bot
bar move stp/nc
ber support tyr move mun
boh support tyr move mun
bot convoy lvn move fin
bur move mar
hol support kie
ion move tun
kie support ruh move mun
lvn move fin via convoy
mid support naf move wes
mar move pie
mos support stp/nc
mun move bur
naf support wes
nwy support bar move stp
pie move tus
pru support ber
ruh move mun
sev move bla
spa/sc support wes move gol
stp/nc hold
swe support bal move bot
tun move wes
tyr move mun
tys support tun move wes
ven move tyr
vie hold
war move sil
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Russia: fleet/dislodged bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Russia: fleet pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bot move fin
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Russia: fleet pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar move stp/nc
ber move kie
bla move con
boh support sil move mun
bot support swe move fin
bur move gas
fin move swe
hol support kie
ion support tun
lvn move stp
mid support wes
mar hold
mos support lvn move stp
mun move bur
naf move tun
nap move rom
nwy support bar move stp
pie move gol
pru move sil
ruh move bur
sil move mun
spa/sc support mar
stp/nc move nwy
swe move fin
tun move naf
tus move pie
tyr support sil move mun
tys support pie move gol
vie move gal
wes move gol
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Russia: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Russia: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move eas
bar support bot move stp
ber move kie
boh move mun
bot move stp/sc
con move aeg
fin support bot move stp
gal move boh
gas support pie move mar
hol support kie
ion move tun
kie support ruh
lvn support stp/nc
gol support pie move mar
mid move gas
mar move bur
mos support stp/nc
mun move ruh
naf support wes
nwy support bot move stp
pie move mar
pru support lvn
rom move tus
ruh support mar move bur
sil support boh move mun
spa/sc move mar
stp/nc hold
tun hold
tyr move pie
tys support gol
wes move gol
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Russia: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bar support stp/sc
ber move kie
boh move mun
bur hold
eas move aeg
fin move bot
gal move boh
gas move bre
hol support kie
ion support tun
kie hold
lvn support mos move stp
gol support tys move wes
mid move gas
mos move stp
mun move bur
naf support wes
nwy move swe
pie move mar
pru support ber
ruh support bur
sil support boh move mun
spa/sc move mar
stp/sc hold
tun support tys move wes
tus support gol
tyr support boh move mun
tys move wes
wes move gol
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Russia: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: fleet gas
Russia: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
England: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
wes move mid
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Russia: army bre
Russia: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: fleet gas
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Russia: army bre
Russia: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: fleet gas
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bar support stp/sc
ber move kie
bot move bal
bre move gas
bur hold
gal move boh
gas support spa/sc
gre move alb
hol move bel
ion move tys
kie support ruh
lvn move stp
gol support pie move mar
mid move eng
mos support lvn move stp
mun move bur
naf move mid
pie move mar
pru support ber
ruh support kie
sil support boh move mun
swe move bot
tun support wes move naf
tus move gol
tyr support boh move mun
wes move naf
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
Russia: army bre
Russia: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: fleet gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move adr
bal support kie move ber
bar support stp/sc
bel move bur
ber move kie
boh move mun
bot move lvn
bre hold
bur move par
eng convoy lon move bre
gal move vie
gas support spa/sc
ion support tus move tys
kie move ber
lon move bre
lvn move stp
gol move spa/sc
mid support lon move bre
mar support mun move bur
mos support lvn move stp
mun move bur
naf move mid
pru support ber
ruh support bel move bur
sil support boh move mun
stp/sc support bot move lvn
tun support tys move wes
tus move tys
tyr support boh move mun
tys move wes
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: army bre
Russia: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army/dislodged lvn
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
lvn move war
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: army bre
Russia: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Army sev
build Army tri
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: army bre
Russia: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bal move pru
bar move nrg
bel move bur
ber support bal move pru
boh support mun
bre move gas
eng convoy lon move pic
gas support spa/sc
ion move tun
kie move mun
lon move pic
lvn support bal move pru
gol move spa/sc
mid support spa/sc
mar support gol move spa
mos move lvn
mun support sil
naf support wes move mid
par support bel move bur
pru hold
ruh support bel move bur
sev move ukr
sil support pru
spa/sc support mid
stp/sc support lvn
tri move ven
tun move wes
tyr support mun
tys move gol
vie move tri
war support pru
wes move mid
PHASE 1916 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: army bre
Russia: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
England: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move iri
spa/sc move por
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: army bre
Russia: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move pru
ber support kie move mun
boh support mun
bre move gas
bur support kie move mun
eng support iri move mid
gas support iri move mid
ion move tun
iri move mid
kie move mun
lvn support bal move pru
gol support spa/sc
mid move por
mar support bre move gas
mos support war move lvn
mun support sil
naf move mid
nrg move nat
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
por support iri move mid
pru move lvn
ruh support kie move mun
sil support mun
spa/sc support mid move por
stp/sc support lvn
tri move ven
tun move naf
tyr support mun
ukr move gal
ven move pie
war support pru move lvn
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Army sev
build Army vie
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support pru
boh move mun
bre move gas
bur move mar
eng move bre
gal support sil
gas support mun move bur
ion move tun
iri support nat move mid
kie support ber
lon move eng
lvn support pru
mar support mun move bur
mos support war move lvn
mun move bur
naf support spa/sc move mid
nat move mid
par support bre move gas
pie hold
por support spa/sc move mid
pru support lvn
ruh move mun
sev move ukr
sil support boh move mun
spa/sc move mid
stp/sc support lvn
tun move wes
tyr support boh move mun
vie move boh
war move lvn
wes support spa/sc move mid
PHASE 1917 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Russia: army/dislodged gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move bel
gas move spa
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Russia: army spa
Russia: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support gas move bur
ber support pru
boh support tyr move mun
bre support iri move mid
bur move par
eng move pic
gal support sil
gas move bur
ion move tys
iri move mid
kie support ruh
gol move spa/sc
mid hold
mar support spa move gas
mos move lvn
mun move ruh
naf support mid
nat support iri move mid
par support gas move bur
pie support mar
por support mid
pru support ber
ruh support gas move bur
sil support tyr move mun
spa move gas
stp/sc support lvn
tyr move mun
ukr move mos
ven move tyr
war support mos move lvn
wes support mid
PHASE 1917 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1918 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move bur
ber support kie move mun
boh support mun
bre support nat move mid
bur move gas
gal move war
gas move bur
iri support nat move mid
kie move mun
lvn support pru
mid move eng
mar support gas move bur
mos move lvn
mun support gas move bur
naf support spa/sc move mid
nat move mid
par support bur move gas
pic move eng
pie hold
por support spa/sc move mid
pru support ber
ruh support bel move bur
sil support mun
spa/sc move mid
stp/sc support lvn
tri move adr
tun move wes
tyr support mun
tys move gol
ukr move mos
ven move tus
vie hold
war move pru
wes move mid
PHASE 1918 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
Russia: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bel support bur
ber support kie move mun
boh move mun
bre move gas
bur support kie move mun
gal move war
gas support mid move bre
iri support pic move eng
kie move mun
lvn support pru
gol support mar
mid move bre
mar move bur
mos move lvn
mun move ber
naf support spa/sc move mid
nat move mid
par support bre
pic move eng
pie move mar
por support spa/sc move mid
pru support ber
ruh support bur
sil support mun move ber
spa/sc move mid
stp/sc support lvn
tun support naf
tus move pie
tyr support boh move mun
ukr move mos
vie move boh
war move pru
wes support spa/sc move mid
PHASE 1918 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
England: fleet/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move pic
PHASE 1918 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove pic
build Army tri
PHASE 1919 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
ber support mun
boh support mun
bre support mid move eng
bur support bel move pic
eng hold
gal move war
gas move bur
ion move tys
iri support eng
kie support pru move ber
lvn hold
gol support mar
mid move eng
mar support gas move bur
mos support war move lvn
mun support gas move bur
naf support wes move mid
nat move mid
par support bel move pic
por support wes move mid
pru move ber
ruh support bur
sil support ber
stp/sc support lvn
tri hold
tun move wes
tyr support mun
ukr support mos
war move lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1919 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army bur
England: army/dislodged bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move bel
PHASE 1919 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support ruh
ber support mun
bre support mid move eng
bur move par
eng support pic move bre
gal move war
iri move mid
kie support pru move ber
lvn support pru
gol move wes
mid move eng
mar move bur
mos move lvn
mun support mar move bur
naf support wes move mid
nat support iri move mid
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
pie move mar
por move spa/nc
pru move ber
ruh support kie
sil support ber
stp/sc support lvn
tyr move pie
tys move gol
ukr move mos
war move pru
wes move mid
PHASE 1919 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: army/dislodged bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
Austria: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move gas
PHASE 1919 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
Austria: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
remove pru
PHASE 1920 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move bur
ber support mun move kie
boh support sil move mun
bur move ruh
eng move mid
iri support eng move mid
kie move mun
lon move eng
lvn hold
mid move eng
mar support gas move bur
mun move kie
naf support wes move mid
nat support eng move mid
par support bel move bur
pic support par
pie move mar
ruh support kie move mun
spa/nc support wes move mid
stp/sc support lvn
tri move tyr
PHASE 1920 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bre
Russia: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army/dislodged bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: fleet/dislodged mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet wes
ORDERS
