PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move pru
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move tys
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
ven move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
bla support ukr move rum
bot move swe
bul support bla move rum
con move aeg
eng move mid
gal move war
nth convoy yor move bel
pru move sil
ruh move hol
tyr support ven
tys move tun
ukr move rum
ven move tri
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Army sev
build Army stp
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move con
bel hold
ber move sil
bla hold
bul move ser
con move bul
kie move mun
lon move eng
mid hold
nap move ion
nth support bel
rum move gal
sev move rum
sil hold
stp move nwy
swe move bal
tun move wes
tyr support ven
ven move tri
war hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal hold
bel move pic
bla support rum
bul hold
con hold
den move hel
eng support bel move pic
gal move bud
gre hold
ion hold
mid move por
mun move tyr
nth hold
nwy hold
rum support gal move bud
ser support gal move bud
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
war hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army lon
build Army mos
build Army nap
build Army rom
build Fleet sev
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
bal move swe
ber move pru
bla move bul/ec
bud support rum
bul move ser
con move bul/sc
eng support pic move bre
hol move ruh
ion move alb
lon move bel via convoy
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nap move rom
nth convoy lon move bel
nwy hold
pic move bre
por hold
rum support bla move bul
ser move tri
sev move bla
sil move boh
smy move con
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
war hold
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move smy
bel hold
bla support bul/ec
boh move vie
bud move ser
bul/ec hold
con move ank
gre move ion
mun hold
nwy hold
rom move tus
rum support bul/ec
ser move tri
sev move arm
smy move con
swe move bal
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
war hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
remove ser
build Army sev
remove smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support con move bla
arm move smy
bal hold
bla support bul/ec move con
boh move vie
bud hold
bul/ec move con
con move bla
eng convoy lon move pic
gre hold
ion move tun
lon move pic via convoy
mos move sev
nap move ion
nwy hold
rom move tys
rum move bul
smy move con
tri move ser
tus move ven
ven move tri
war hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
arm move ank
bal hold
bel hold
bla hold
boh move vie
bre support pic move par
bud move vie
bul/ec move bla
gre move aeg
ion move tun
nwy hold
pic move par
rum move sev
sev move arm
smy hold
tri support bud move vie
tun move wes
tys support ion move tun
ven hold
war hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bla
remove con
build Fleet edi
build Army mos
build Army rom
remove smy
build Fleet stp/sc
remove wes
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank move con
arm support aeg move smy
bal move den
boh move vie
bre move gas
bul/ec support ank move con
edi move nrg
mos move lvn
mun move boh
nwy hold
par move bur
pru move ber
rom move ven
ruh move hol
ser move tri
sev move rum
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
tri move tyr
tys move gol
ven move pie
vie hold
war hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
smy disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move ank
bel move lon via convoy
ber move sil
boh move vie
bot move bal
bul/ec move bla
bur move par
con hold
den move nth
eng convoy bel move lon
gas move bre
hel move den
hol move den via convoy
lvn move pru
gol support pie move mar
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy hold
pie move mar
rum move gal
smy hold
spa/sc support pie move mar
tri support tyr
tyr hold
ven move pie
vie hold
war move sil
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove hel
remove hol
build Army mos
build Army rom
build Fleet sev
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army ven
remove wes
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move rum via convoy
bal support pru move ber
bla convoy ank move rum
bre move par
con move bul
den move ska
eng hold
gal move boh
lon move yor
gol move spa/sc
mar move bur
mos move war
nwy hold
par move pic
pie move mar
pru move ber
rom move ven
smy move aeg
spa/sc move mid
stp/sc move bot
tri support tyr
tun move wes
tyr move mun
ven move pie
vie support gal move boh
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support ber move kie
ber move kie
bla move con
boh support tyr move mun
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur hold
mid move por
mar support bur
nwy hold
rum move bud
sev move bla
sil move ber
ska support nwy
spa/sc support mid move por
tyr move mun
vie move boh
war move pru
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Army nap
build Army rom
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bal move den
ber move kie
bla move con
bur hold
con move aeg
ion move tys
kie move ruh
mid move iri
mar move gas
mos move war
mun support bur
nap move rom
nwy move fin
pie move mar
pru move sil
rom move tus
sev move bla
spa/sc move mid
swe move nwy
ven move pie
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bla move con
bur move par
con move aeg
den move nth
fin support nwy
gas support bur move par
iri support mid move eng
kie move ruh
mid move eng
mar move bur
mun support bur
nwy hold
pie move mar
rom move ven
ruh move bel
sil move ber
ska support den move nth
tus move pie
tys move wes
war move sil
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
England: army/dislodged par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet rom
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel support ruh move hol
ber move kie
bur support par
eng move lon
fin move swe
gas move bre
iri move lvp
mar move gas
nth move edi
par support gas move bre
pie move mar
ruh move hol
sil move ber
ska move nth
tri move ven
ven move pie
war move sil
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Italy: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bur move pic
con move aeg
gas move bur
ion move tys
mar move gas
nth support nwy move nrg
nwy move nrg
par support bur move pic
pie move mar
por move mid
rom move tys
swe move den
ven hold
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Italy: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet/dislodged nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
