PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move pru
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move sil
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tri
vie move bud
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
apu move ven
bot move swe
bud move rum
bul move gre
con move bul
den move bal
ion move tun
mid move por
nth convoy yor move hol
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
pru support war
ser support bud move rum
sev move rum
sil move war
spa hold
tri move vie
ukr support war
war hold
yor move hol
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move adr
bal support war move pru
bel move ruh
bla support sev move rum
bre move mid
bul move gre
con move bul
edi move hol
hol move kie
lon move eng
mar move gol
mos support war
nap move apu
nth convoy edi move hol
nwy hold
par move bur
por move spa/sc
pru move war via convoy
rom move ven
rum support con move sev
ser move bud
sev move rum
sil support war
smy move aeg
spa move gas
swe hold
tri support ser move bud
tun move ion
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tyr
vie move bud
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move ion
apu move adr
bla support rum
bud support gal move vie
bul move ser
bur move mar
eng move nth
gal move vie
gas move bre
gre support bul move ser
hol support kie
ion support apu move adr
kie support nth move den
gol move tys
mid move wes
mos support war
nth move den
nwy hold
ruh move mun
spa/sc move gol
swe move den
tri support adr move ven
tyr support ven move tri
ukr support rum
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
war support ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri move alb
vie move boh
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
remove boh
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
bla support con move bul
bre move gas
bud support vie move tri
con move bul
den support nwy move swe
edi move nrg
gre move alb
hol hold
ion move tys
kie move ber
lon move nwy
gol convoy mar move rom
mar move rom via convoy
mos move stp
mun move tyr
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move swe
par move bur
ser support gre move alb
sil move ber
smy move aeg
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys convoy mar move rom
ukr move war
ven support vie move tri
vie move tri
war move pru
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Austria: fleet/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move bal
ven move apu
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move gre
alb support ser
apu move ven
bal move ber
bla move sev
bud support tri
bul move rum
bur move mun
den move bal
gas move mar
hol move kie
ion move apu
kie move den
lon move nwy
gol move pie
mos move stp
mun move tyr
nth convoy lon move nwy
nrg support lon move nwy
pru support bal move ber
rom hold
ser support bul move rum
smy move aeg
stp move fin
swe support den move bal
tri support apu move ven
tyr move vie
tys support rom
ven support adr move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move bla
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
remove bla
build Fleet bre
build Army con
remove ion
build Fleet lon
build Army par
build Fleet smy
remove war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move ion
alb support adr move tri
bal support kie move ber
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud support tri
con move bul
den move kie
fin move nwy
gre support aeg move ion
kie move ber
lon move eng
mar move pie
mun move tyr
nth support lon move eng
nrg move nwy
nwy move fin
par move bur
pie move tus
pru move lvn
rom move nap
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev move bla
smy move eas
stp support fin move nwy
swe support nwy move fin
tri support bud
tun move ion
tyr move vie
tys support rom move nap
ven support adr move tri
vie support adr move tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Russia: fleet/dislodged ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
bud move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support tri
bal support ber
ber support kie move mun
bla support bul move rum
bud support vie
bul move rum
bur move bel
eas move ion
eng move bel
fin support stp move nwy
gal move war
gre support eas move ion
ion move apu
kie move mun
lvn move war
mid move bre
mun move boh
nap hold
nth support eng move bel
nrg move nwy
nwy move fin
pie move ven
pru move ber
ser support bud
stp move nwy
swe support nwy move fin
tri support ven
tun move ion
tyr support pie move ven
tys move tun
ven hold
vie support tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
remove gal
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet smy
remove tus
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support tri
apu support ion move nap
bal support ber move pru
bel move eng
ber move pru
boh support tyr move mun
bre move pic
bud support vie
bur move bel
edi move nwy
fin move stp
gre move ion
ion move nap
lon move hol
lvn move mos
lvp move wal
mun move kie
nap move apu
nth convoy lon move hol
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pie move ven
pru move ber
rum move gal
ser support tri
smy move aeg
swe support edi move nwy
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr move mun
tys move nap
ven move rom
vie support rum move gal
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Russia: fleet/dislodged pru
Italy: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
pru move lvn
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
apu support nap
bal move lvn
bel hold
bla hold
boh move vie
bud move vie
eng move mid
fin support nwy move stp
gal move war
gre support aeg move ion
hol move bel
kie move mun
lvn move bot
mos support stp
mun hold
nap support aeg move ion
nth support hol move bel
nrg move nat
nwy move stp
pic move bre
pie move ven
pru move war
rom support tri move ven
ser support alb move tri
swe move bot
tri move ven
tun move ion
tys move rom
vie move boh
wal move eng
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: fleet/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
tri move adr
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet smy
remove swe
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
apu support tri move ven
bal move lvn
bel move ruh
bla move sev
boh move tyr
bre move gas
bud move vie
con move bul
eng support nat move mid
fin support nwy move stp
gal support bud move vie
gre support ion
ion support nap
kie move mun
lvn move bot
mid move wes
mos support stp
mun move bur
nat move mid
nap support ion
nth move bel
nwy move stp
pic move par
pie move ven
pru support bal move lvn
rom support adr move ven
ser move tri
smy move aeg
tri move ven
tun move ion
tys move rom
vie support gal move boh
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
vie move boh
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg move ion
apu support aeg move ion
bel hold
boh support vie move tyr
bot move swe
bul move ser
bur move mar
eng move mid
fin move stp
gal move war
gas move spa/nc
gre support aeg move ion
ion move tys
lvn support fin move stp
mid move por
mos support stp
mun support tyr
nap support ion move tys
nwy support fin move stp
par move bur
pie support tyr move ven
pru move war
rom move tus
ruh support mun
tri support ven
tun move ion
tyr move ven
tys support tun move ion
ven hold
vie support tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
tys move rom
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
remove boh
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet smy
remove tus
remove tyr
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu support gre move ion
bel move eng
con move bul
edi move nrg
gal move war
gre move ion
ion move tys
lon move nth
lvn move stp/sc
mid support por move spa
mos support war move lvn
mun support pru move sil
nap support ven move rom
nwy support stp move fin
por move spa/sc
pru move sil
ruh move kie
ser move bud
sev move bla
smy move aeg
stp move fin
swe move den
tri move ven
tys move gol
ven move rom
vie move tyr
war move lvn
wes support por move spa
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
France: fleet/dislodged rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg hold
apu move nap
bla hold
bud move vie
bul move ser
bur move mun
den move swe
eng move bel
fin move swe
gas support mar move spa
ion support tys move tun
kie move den
lvn move war
gol move wes
mid support spa/sc
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nap move rom
nth support kie move den
nrg move bar
nwy support fin move swe
pie support mun move tyr
rom move tus
sil support lvn move war
spa/sc support wes move gol
stp/sc hold
tun hold
tyr hold
tys move tun
ven support rom move tus
war move pru
wes move gol
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
England: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: fleet/dislodged tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
England: army tyr
Turkey: army/dislodged tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move hel
tun move naf
tyr move boh
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
England: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Army lon
remove naf
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
England: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move arm
bar move nwy
bel support lon move hol
bla support ank move arm
boh move gal
den move kie
hel move kie
ion move tun
lon move hol
gol move wes
mid support spa/sc
nap move tys
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy move stp
pru support war move sil
rom support nap move tys
ser move tri
sev move ukr
sil support tyr move boh
spa/sc support wes
stp/sc move bot
swe move den
tun move naf
tus support ven
tyr move boh
ven support ser move tri
vie support boh move gal
war move sil
wes support spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
sil move ber
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move rum via convoy
bel move hol
ber support boh move mun
bla convoy arm move rum
boh move mun
bot convoy swe move lvn
den move kie
gal move boh
gas move bre
hel move kie
hol move ruh
ion move tun
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
mar move bur
mun hold
naf move mid
nth move den
nwy hold
pie move mar
pru support sil move ber
rom hold
sil move ber
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp move mos
swe move lvn
tri move tyr
tun move wes
tus move pie
tys support tun move wes
ukr move mos
ven support tus move pie
vie support gal move boh
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: army/dislodged boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move sil
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Army mos
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support boh move sil
bla move rum
boh move sil
bot move bal
bre hold
bur move mun
den support ruh move kie
hel move kie
hol support lon move bel
lon move bel
lvn support sil move pru
gol support pie move mar
mar move pie
mos support ukr move war
mun move tyr
naf support wes move mid
nth convoy lon move bel
nwy move swe
pie move mar
por support spa/sc move mid
pru move lvn
rom move tys
ruh move kie
rum move gal
sil move pru
spa/sc move mid
stp move mos
tun support tys move wes
tyr support vie move boh
tys move wes
ukr move war
ven move pie
vie move boh
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move gas
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move ber
bel support bur
ber move pru
boh support tyr move mun
bre move mid
bur support gas move mar
den support kie
gal move ukr
gas move mar
hel move kie
hol move hel
kie support bal move ber
lvn support stp move mos
gol support mar move spa
mar move spa
mos support war move lvn
mun hold
naf support wes move mid
nth support hol move hel
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
pru move war
rom move tys
rum move bla
sil support ber
spa/sc support gas move mar
stp move mos
swe move ska
tun support tys move wes
tyr move mun
tys move wes
war move lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move ruh
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
remove ruh
build Army sev
build Army smy
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move rum via convoy
bal support kie move ber
bel move yor
ber move pru
bla convoy ank move rum
boh support mun
bre hold
bur move mun
con move bul
den move kie
hel move hol
kie move ber
lvn move mos
gol support wes move spa
mid move iri
mar move pie
mun support sil
naf move mid
nth convoy bel move yor
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
pru support kie move ber
sev support mos
sil support ber move pru
ska move nwy
smy move ank
spa/sc support por
stp support lvn move mos
tun move naf
tys move wes
ukr support war
war support ber move pru
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move rum via convoy
bal support ber
ber support kie move mun
bla convoy ank move rum
boh support mun
bre move mid
bul move ser
bur move mun
hol move bel
iri move lvp
kie move mun
lvn support stp move mos
gol support wes move spa
mid move por
mar hold
mos move lvn
mun support pru move ber
naf move mid
nth move eng
nwy move nth
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
pru support mos move lvn
rum move gal
sev move mos
sil support mun
spa/sc support por
stp move mos
tys move wes
ukr support sev move mos
war support mos move lvn
wes move spa/sc
yor move lvp
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
remove pru
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bal move ber
bel support eng
ber move mun
bla hold
boh move tyr
bre move mid
bur move mun
edi move lvp
eng convoy lon move pic
gal move boh
iri move eng
kie support ber move mun
lon move pic
lvn move stp
lvp move nat
gol support pie move mar
mid support iri move eng
mar hold
mos support lvn move stp
mun move bur
naf support mid
nth convoy yor move nwy
pie move mar
por support bre move mid
rum move gal
ser move tri
sil move mun
smy move aeg
spa/sc support pie move mar
stp hold
ukr support rum move gal
war move lvn
wes support spa/sc
yor move nwy
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Turkey: army/dislodged mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move gas
mun move ruh
stp move fin
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move hol
ber support kie
bla hold
boh move mun
bre support eng move mid
bur move mar
eng move mid
fin move stp
gal move boh
gas support bur move mar
iri support naf move mid
kie support mun
lvn move pru
lvp hold
gol support spa/sc
mid move gas
mar support mid move gas
mos support stp
mun support bur
naf move mid
nat support eng move mid
nth move eng
nwy support fin move stp
pic move bel
por support eng move mid
ruh move bur
sil support boh move mun
spa/sc support naf move mid
tri move ven
tyr support boh move mun
ukr move gal
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove gas
build Army war
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move rum via convoy
bel move ruh
ber support kie
bla convoy ank move rum
boh support mun
bre move mid
bur move mar
eng support bre move mid
fin support nwy move stp
gal support sil
hol support kie
ion move tys
iri support wes move mid
kie support ber
lvp hold
gol hold
mid move por
mar move gas
mos support stp
mun support ruh move kie
naf support wes move mid
nat support bre move mid
nth move eng
nwy move stp
por support bre move mid
pru move ber
ruh move kie
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc support mid move por
tyr support mun
ven move pie
war move pru
wes move mid
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
England: fleet/dislodged ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move bal
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move ber
bel move ruh
ber move kie
bla hold
boh support mun
bre hold
eng support nat move iri
fin support nwy move stp
gal move vie
gas move par
hol support kie
iri support wes move mid
kie support bal move ber
lvp hold
gol support pie move mar
mar hold
mos support stp
mun support ber move kie
naf support wes move mid
nat move iri
nth support eng
nwy move stp
pie move mar
por support wes move mid
pru move ber
ruh support ber move kie
rum move bud
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc support wes move mid
tyr support mun
tys move wes
wes move mid
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Turkey: fleet/dislodged iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
iri move wal
mar move bur
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Turkey: army par
Turkey: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
