PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move nap
sev move rum
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move tri
war move lvn
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bot convoy lvn move swe
bur support pic move bel
con move aeg
den move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
ion convoy nap move tun
kie move hol
lvn move swe via convoy
mid move spa/sc
nap move tun via convoy
nth convoy edi move nwy
nrg move bar
pic move bel
ruh move mun
ser support alb move gre
smy move con
stp move fin
ven hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bar move stp/nc
bel move hol
ber move pru
bot move swe
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur move mun
con hold
den support nwy move swe
fin support bot move swe
gre support aeg move ion
hol move bel
ion move eas
kie move ruh
lon move eng
lvn support stp
mar move pie
mun support kie move ruh
nap move ion
nth move ska
nwy move swe
par move pic
rum move bla
smy move eas
spa/sc move por
stp support bar move nwy
tri support vie move tyr
vie move tyr
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: fleet por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move adr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: fleet por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
bar move stp/nc
bel hold
bla convoy con move rum
bot support fin move stp
bur move ruh
con move rum via convoy
den support ska move swe
eng move bel
fin move stp
gre move ion
hol support eng move bel
ion move tys
lvn move war
mun move bur
nap support gre move ion
nwy support bar move stp
pic support bel
pie support tyr move ven
por hold
pru move war
ruh support mun move bur
rum move gal
ser support tri
ska move swe
smy move aeg
stp move mos
tri support tyr move ven
tun hold
tyr move ven
ven hold
vie move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: fleet por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move gas
ven move rom
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army con
build Fleet lon
build Army par
remove tun
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support ion
bar support nwy move stp
bel move bur
bot support fin move stp
bur move mun
con move bul
eng hold
fin move stp
gal move war
gas support bel move bur
hol move bel
ion move nap
lon move nth
lvn support fin move stp
mos support fin move stp
nap support adr move ion
nwy move stp
par support bel move bur
pie move mar
por move mid
pru move lvn
rom hold
ruh support hol move bel
rum move gal
swe move fin
tri move ven
tyr move mun
tys support ion move nap
ven move rom
vie move tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nap move apu
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move nap
bar support nwy move stp
bel hold
bot support stp
bul move rum
bur move bel
den move swe
eng move nth
fin support nwy move stp
gal move sil
gas move par
ion support apu move nap
lvn support war move pru
mid move bre
mar move pie
mos support stp
nap move rom
nth move hol
nwy move stp
par move bur
pic support bur move bel
pru move war
rom support apu move nap
ruh support bel
ser move gre
stp hold
tyr move mun
tys support nap move rom
ven support nap move rom
vie move boh
war move pru
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Germany: army/dislodged pru
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Austria: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
pru move ber
rom move apu
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bre
build Army bud
remove ion
build Fleet kie
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu support nap move rom
bar move stp/nc
bel move hol
ber hold
boh support mun
bot move bal
bud move vie
bur move ruh
fin support nwy move swe
gas move mar
hol support pic move bel
kie move den
lvn support stp
mos support stp
mun move kie
nap move rom
nth move hel
nwy move swe
par move pic
pic move bel
pie hold
pru support sil move ber
ruh support bel move hol
rum move gal
sil move ber
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri support vie move tyr
tys support aeg move ion
ven support rom
vie move tyr
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move mun
swe move ska
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu support nap move rom
bal support kie
bar move stp/nc
bel support bur move ruh
ber support tyr move mun
boh support tyr move mun
bur move ruh
den move swe
fin support swe
gal move sil
gre move alb
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
ion move tun
kie support tyr move mun
lvn support mos move stp
mar move pie
mos move stp
nap move rom
pic move bur
pie move tus
pru support ber
ruh support mun
ska move den
stp move nwy
swe hold
tri support ven
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ven support rom
vie move tyr
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army con
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
remove ska
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support nwy move swe
bar move nwy
bel support ruh
ber support kie
boh support mun
bur move mun
con move bul
den hold
fin move stp/sc
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
lvn support mos move stp
mar move spa/sc
mos move stp
mun support kie
nap support tus move rom
nwy move swe
pie move ven
pru hold
ruh support hol move kie
sil support mun
smy move aeg
stp move fin
swe support bar move nwy
tri move ven
tun move wes
tus move rom
tyr support tri move ven
ven move apu
vie move tri
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
France: army rom
Austria: fleet/dislodged rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
rom move tys
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
France: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
apu move nap
bal convoy pru move swe
bel move ruh
ber support mun move kie
boh support mun
bur support ruh move mun
den hold
fin move swe
lvn move pru
mid move eng
mos support stp
nap support rom
nwy support fin move swe
pie move ven
pru move swe via convoy
rom support nap
sil support boh move mun
spa/sc move mar
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys support apu move nap
ven move rom
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
France: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move ska
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
bal convoy lvn move swe
bel move ruh
boh support mun
bre move eng
bur support ruh move mun
den support mun move kie
edi move lvp
fin move stp/sc
hel move den
kie move ber
lon support bre move eng
lvn move swe via convoy
mar move gol
mos move stp
nap move rom
nwy support lvn move swe
pie move tyr
rom move ven
ruh move mun
ska support hel move den
stp move fin
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys support ven move tus
ven move tus
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet/dislodged eng
England: fleet fin
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move nth
eng move iri
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move den
ber move kie
boh support mun
bul move rum
den support fin move swe
fin move swe
ion move tun
iri move mid
kie move bal
mid move por
mos move lvn
mun support ber move kie
nap support tys move rom
nth move hol
nwy support swe
pru support ber
sil support pru move ber
ska move nwy
stp move fin
swe support stp move fin
tri move ven
tus support tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys move rom
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
England: fleet/dislodged fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: army kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
France: army/dislodged rom
Austria: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move hel
rom disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove lvp
remove gol
build Fleet stp/sc
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal support swe move den
bel support ruh move hol
boh support mun
bur move ruh
den move bal
eng move bre
fin move swe
hel move kie
hol move hel
kie support swe move den
lon move nth
lvn move pru
mid move bre
nap move rom
nwy support fin move swe
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
pru move ber
rom move tys
rum move gal
sil support pru move ber
ska move swe
stp/sc move bot
swe move den
tri move adr
tun move wes
tus move pie
ven support tus move pie
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bal support den
bel support ruh move hol
ber move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bot hold
bur move mar
den support kie
eng move bre
gal move sil
hel support nth move den
hol hold
kie move hol
mid move bre
mar move spa
mun move bur
nth move den
nwy hold
pie move mar
pru move war
rom move tus
ruh move hol
sil move ber
ska support nth move den
spa/sc support pie move mar
swe support nwy
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ven move pie
wes support spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
hol move nth
mar move gas
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet con
build Fleet edi
remove nth
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Turkey: army kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move con
bal support kie
ber move kie
bot support swe
con move bla
den support hel move kie
edi move nth
gal move sil
hel move kie
kie move ruh
gol support pie move mar
mid support mar move gas
mar move gas
mun support kie move ruh
nwy move fin
pie move mar
sil move ber
ska support den
smy move aeg
spa/sc move por
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri move adr
tus move pie
war move lvn
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gas
France: army/dislodged gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
bal support ber move kie
ber move kie
bla convoy con move rum
boh move vie
bot support swe
con move rum via convoy
den move bal
fin support nwy
gas move par
ion move tun
kie move ber
lvn move stp
gol move wes
mid move eng
mar move bur
mun support mar move bur
nth move nwy
nwy support swe
pie move mar
ruh move hol
sil move ber
ska move swe
spa/sc move mid
swe support bal move den
tri move bud
tyr support mun
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Turkey: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Turkey: army hol
Turkey: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove hol
build Fleet lon
build Army tri
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Turkey: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal move swe
ber move mun
bot convoy fin move lvn
bud move ser
bur move gas
den move swe
fin move lvn via convoy
gal move bud
ion move gre
kie move bal
lon move nth
mid move wes
mar move spa
nth move hol
nwy support bal move swe
par move bre
por move mid
rum support gal move bud
sil support ber move mun
ska move nwy
spa/sc support mid move wes
stp support nwy
swe move fin
tri support bud move ser
tun move ion
tyr support mun
vie move bud
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
Austria: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Turkey: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal support bot move swe
ber move mun
bla move con
bot move swe
bud hold
den move bal
fin support bot move swe
gas move spa
hol support nth move bel
ion move gre
kie move ber
lvn move war
mid move wes
mar support gas move spa
nth move bel
nwy support bot move swe
por support spa/sc
ser support tri move bud
sil move gal
ska move nwy
spa/sc support mid move wes
stp support nwy
tri move bud
tun move ion
tyr support mun
vie support tri move bud
wes support gas move spa
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army/dislodged bel
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Turkey: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lvp
build Army tri
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal hold
bel move eng
ber move mun
bre hold
bud support tri move ser
con support rum move bul
den support ska move swe
edi move nrg
fin move stp
gal move rum
gas move spa
hol move nth
ion support ser move gre
kie move ber
lvp move iri
mid support spa/sc
mar support gas move spa
mun support kie move ber
nwy support swe
por support spa/sc
rum move bul
ser move gre
ska move swe
spa/sc hold
stp move mos
swe hold
tri move ser
tun support wes
vie support bud
war support gal
wes support gas move spa
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Turkey: army/dislodged ber
England: fleet ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move sil
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move pru
ber hold
bud move rum
den support ska move swe
eng support iri move mid
gas move spa
gre move bul
ion move aeg
iri move mid
mar support gas move spa
mos move sev
mun support ber
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy move swe
ser support bud move rum
ska move swe
stp move mos
swe move bal
tun move ion
vie move gal
war support bal move pru
wes support gas move spa
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Turkey: fleet/dislodged mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move stp/nc
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
remove mos
remove sev
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move pru
bre move pic
den move nth
edi move nwy via convoy
eng convoy lon move bre
gal move boh
gre support ser move bul
ion move aeg
lon move bre via convoy
lvp move iri
mid support lon move bre
mar move gas
mun move ruh
nrg move bar
nwy hold
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
stp/nc move nwy
swe move bal
tri move alb
tun move naf
tyr move mun
vie support gal move boh
wes support spa
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ion
bal move ber
bar move stp/nc
ber move kie
boh move mun
bre hold
bud move gal
edi move hol via convoy
eng support bre
gas support pic move par
gre support bul
ion move tys
iri support mid
mid hold
mun move kie
naf move mid
nth convoy edi move hol
nwy support bar move stp
pic move par
pru support bal move ber
ruh support mun move kie
rum move sev
spa support gas
swe move den
vie move tyr
war move sil
wes support spa
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move bal
bre move gas
den move kie
eng move bre
gal support war move sil
gas support spa
gre support bul
hol support den move kie
iri support mid
lon move bel via convoy
mid support bre move gas
mun move bur
naf move mid
nth convoy lon move bel
nwy move swe
par move bre
pru support ber move bal
ruh support kie
sev move arm
spa support gas
tyr move mun
tys move gol
vie move boh
war move lvn
wes support spa
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move bot
bel support hol
boh move sil
bre move gas
bur support ruh
den support swe move bal
eng move bre
gas move bre
gre support bul
hol support bel
ion move aeg
iri support mid
kie support ruh
lvn move mos
gol move spa/sc
mid support bre move gas
mun support kie
naf move mid
nth move hel
par support gas move bre
pru move lvn
ruh support kie
spa move mar
swe move bal
tri move tyr
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Austria: army bre
England: army/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move pic
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Austria: army bre
Austria: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
England: army pic
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
