PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move pic
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move lvn
mun hold
par move bur
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bla move con
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur support pic move bel
con move smy
eng move mid
hol hold
kie move den
lvn move pru
mun move ruh
nth convoy yor move nwy
pic move bel
rum move sev
spa hold
tri move alb
vie move bud
war move sil
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army kie
build Fleet lvp
build Army mar
build Fleet tri
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ion
ank move con
bel hold
ber support kie
bre move gas
bud move rum
bur support bel
con move aeg
den hold
gre move bul
hol move hel
kie support ber
lvp move iri
mid move wes
mar move pie
nth hold
nwy move stp
pru hold
ruh move mun
ser support bud move rum
sev hold
sil hold
spa move por
swe move bal
tri move alb
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move gre
bal support pru move ber
bel support hel move nth
ber move mun
bur move mar
con move aeg
den hold
gal move ukr
gas move bre
hel move nth
ion move tun
iri move mid
kie move hol
mun move tyr
nth support bel move hol
pie move tus
por hold
pru move ber
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move rum
sil support pru move ber
stp move mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
nth move edi
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
remove hol
build Fleet lon
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move gre
ank move con
bal move kie
bel move nth
ber move mun
bre move eng
bul move con
con move aeg
den move swe
edi move nth
ion support alb move gre
lon support edi move nth
mid move eng
mar move pie
mos move war
mun move kie
nth move nwy
por hold
rum move bla
ser move bud
sil support ber move mun
stp/nc move nwy
tri support ven
tus move ven
tyr move mun
ukr move sev
wes move gol
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ruh
nth move ska
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
bal move den
bel support bre move eng
bla move con
bre move eng
bud move vie
bul support bla move con
con move bul/sc
gre support bul
ion move aeg
lon move eng
gol support mid move spa
mid move spa/sc
mun hold
nth move nwy
pie move ven
por move spa
ruh support tyr move mun
sev move arm
sil support mun
ska move nwy
smy move con
stp/nc move bar
swe support ska move nwy
tri support ven
tus support pie move ven
tyr move mun
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove ank
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
arm move ank
bar move nwy
bel move hol
bul hold
con support arm move ank
den hold
eng move bel
gal move boh
gre move aeg
ion support gre move aeg
lon hold
gol move tys
mun hold
nth support bar move nwy
nwy support bel move nth
pie move ven
por move spa
ruh support tyr move mun
sev move rum
sil support mun
smy move ank
spa/sc hold
stp/sc hold
swe move den
tri support ven
tus support pie move ven
tyr move mun
vie hold
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Germany: fleet/dislodged nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
nwy move ska
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move smy
ank support con move smy
bel move hol
boh move mun
bul move con
con move smy
den support mun move kie
eas move syr
hol move kie
ion move tun
lon hold
mun move kie
nth support nwy
nwy hold
pie move ven
por move spa
ruh support tyr move mun
rum move gal
sil support boh move mun
ska support swe move den
spa/sc move por
stp/sc hold
swe move den
tri support ven
tus move rom
tyr move mun
tys support tus
vie move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move bal
smy move arm
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army bud
build Army par
remove syr
remove tyr
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move smy
bal support mun move kie
bel move hol
boh move mun
bud move gal
den support ruh move kie
hol move hel
lon move eng
mun move kie
nth hold
nwy hold
par move bur
pie move ven
por move spa
ruh move kie
rum move gal
sil support boh move mun
ska support den
smy move eas
spa/sc hold
stp/sc move bot
tri move tyr
tun move wes
tus support pie move ven
tys support tus move rom
vie support tri move tyr
war move pru
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move mun
bud move tri
bur move bel
den support ruh move kie
hel move kie
hol support hel move kie
ion convoy smy move apu
por move spa
ruh move kie
tus move rom
tyr move tri
tys support tus move rom
ven support tus move rom
vie move tri
wes move gol
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army mar
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal support bot move swe
bel move ruh
boh move mun
bot move swe
bre hold
bud move tri
den move swe
eas convoy smy move apu
eng hold
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
ion convoy smy move apu
gol hold
mar move bur
mun move bur
nth hold
nwy support bot move swe
por move spa
pru move ber
rom support ven
ruh move bur
rum move ukr
sil support boh move mun
smy move apu
spa/sc move mid
tri move adr
tyr hold
tys hold
ven hold
vie move tri
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
apu support tys move nap
bal support mun move kie
bel move hol
ber support mun move kie
boh move mun
bre hold
bud move tri
den move swe
eas move aeg
eng hold
hel move den
ion move tys
kie support hel move den
gol hold
mid move por
mar move bur
mun move kie
nth support hel move den
nwy move ska
rom move nap
ruh move hol
sil move boh
ska support den move swe
spa hold
swe support nwy move ska
tyr move pie
tys move nap
ukr hold
ven move tyr
vie move tri
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
France: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
France: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
Russia: supply mun
England: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move hel
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Army mar
remove ruh
build Army sev
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move gre
apu move nap
bal move swe
bel move hol
ber hold
boh move gal
bre move mid
bud move tri
bur move mun
den support hel move nth
edi move nrg
eng hold
hel move nth
kie move hol
gol support pie
mar hold
mun hold
nap hold
nth hold
nwy move nrg
pie hold
por move mid
rom hold
sev move mos
spa hold
swe move ska
tri move adr
tyr support bur move mun
tys support apu move nap
ukr support boh move gal
vie move boh
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
England: army/dislodged mun
England: supply mun
Russia: army nap
England: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ruh
nth move yor
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
England: supply mun
Russia: army nap
England: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
bel hold
ber move sil
boh move sil
bre move pic
con move smy
den move nth
edi move nth
eng convoy lon move bel
gal move bud
gre move aeg
ion move tun
kie move hol
lon move bel
gol move wes
mar hold
mun hold
nap hold
nth move hol
nwy move nrg
pie hold
por move mid
rom move ven
ruh support lon move bel
ska move nwy
spa move por
swe move bal
tri move vie
tyr support mun
tys move tun
ukr move rum
yor support edi move nth
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
England: supply mun
Russia: army nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
France: army por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bel move bur
nth move lon
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: army nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army par
build Army sev
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: army nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move con
bal move swe
ber move sil
boh move gal
bre support pic move eng
bud support war move gal
bur move ruh
den hold
eng support yor move lon
ion convoy nap move gre
kie hold
lon move wal
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun hold
nap move gre
nth support yor move lon
nrg move nat
nwy move nrg
par move pic
pic move eng
pie move tus
por move spa
rum move bul
sev move arm
smy move arm
tyr move tri
tys support adr move ion
ven move tyr
vie support boh move gal
war move gal
wes move mid
yor move lon
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet/dislodged ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Russia: army nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move iri
ion move gre
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Russia: army nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
boh move gal
bre move eng
bud support tri
bul hold
bur move mun
con move bla
den support ruh move kie
eng move lon
gre hold
ion support tys move nap
iri move lvp
kie move hol
lon hold
mid hold
mos move ukr
mun move ber
nat move lvp
nap hold
nth support lon
nrg move nat
pic move bel
ruh move kie
sev move arm
sil support war move gal
smy move ank
spa move mar
swe move nwy
tri move bud
tus move rom
tyr support bur move mun
tys move nap
vie support tri move bud
wal support eng move lon
war move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Russia: army/dislodged nap
Austria: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move ser
nap move apu
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army apu
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Austria: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove hol
build Army par
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army apu
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Austria: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Russia: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support bla move con
apu move ven
arm move sev
bel move hol
ber support mun move sil
bla move con
boh support bud move gal
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul move rum
den move swe
eng move iri
gal support ser move bud
gre move ion
ion move aeg
iri move mid
kie support bel move hol
lon hold
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun move sil
nat support iri move mid
nap support rom move apu
nth support lon
nrg move nwy
nwy move ska
par move bur
rom move apu
ser move bud
sil move mun
tyr hold
ukr move war
vie move tri
wal support eng move iri
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
France: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Russia: supply gre
France: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move ukr
sil move pru
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
France: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gal
Russia: supply gre
France: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move smy
apu move rom
ber move pru
boh move gal
bud hold
bur move gas
con move bla
eng move bre
gal move war
hol hold
ion move tys
iri move lvp
kie move den
lon hold
mid move por
nat move lvp
nap move apu
nth support lon
nwy support ska move swe
pie move ven
pru support war
rum support ukr move gal
sev move mos
sil support gal move war
ska move swe
swe support kie move den
tri support pie move ven
tyr move mun
ukr move gal
ven hold
wal support iri move lvp
war hold
wes move tun
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
France: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
France: army hol
Russia: supply hol
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
France: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Russia: fleet tys
France: army ven
Russia: army/dislodged ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
France: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move bal
ven move tus
war move ukr
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army tus
Russia: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
remove nat
build Army par
remove rum
build Army vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army tus
Russia: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
apu move nap
bal support den
ber support sil move pru
boh move gal
bre move eng
bud hold
den hold
gal support ukr move war
gas move spa
gre move ion
hol move kie
lon move eng
lvp move cly
mos support ukr move war
mun move ruh
nth support lon move eng
nwy move ska
par move pic
por move mid
pru support ukr move war
rom move nap
sil move pru
smy move con
swe hold
tri move ser
tun move wes
tus move pie
tys move gol
ukr move war
ven hold
vie move tri
wal hold
war support boh move gal
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
France: army pru
Russia: army/dislodged pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
France: army/dislodged war
France: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
pru move lvn
war move lvn
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Russia: army pie
England: supply por
France: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
France: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move ion
bal support den move swe
ber move pru
bla move sev
boh move vie
bre hold
bud hold
cly move edi
con move bul
den move swe
eng move lon
gal support bud
ion move tys
kie move den
gol support pie move mar
mid move gas
mos move lvn
nth move edi
pic move bel
pie move mar
pru move lvn
rom hold
ruh move bur
ser support tri move bud
ska support swe
spa move mar
swe hold
tri move bud
ven hold
wal move lon
war hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
France: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bel
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
France: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal support den move swe
ber move sil
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul move rum
bur move mar
cly move edi
den move swe
eng move lon
gal move boh
gas move bre
ion move apu
kie move den
gol support mar
mid support gas move bre
mar hold
mos move sev
nth move edi
pru support ber move sil
rom move ven
ser move bud
sev support bul move rum
ska move den
spa support bur move mar
swe support ska move den
tri support rom move ven
tys move tus
ven move tyr
vie support ser move bud
wal move lon
war hold
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
France: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Austria: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move gal
swe move bot
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
France: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Austria: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move ion
bal support swe
boh support gal move vie
bot move swe
bre hold
bud support vie
bul move rum
bur move mar
cly move nrg
eng move lon
gal move vie
kie move den
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
mar support gol move spa
mos support war
nth move edi
pru move war
sev support bul move rum
sil support pru move war
ska support bot move swe
spa support bur move mar
swe hold
tri move ven
tus move tys
tyr move mun
ven move pie
vie hold
wal move lvp
war hold
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
France: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
remove gal
remove ska
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
France: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move lvn
bot move stp/sc
bud move gal
bur move mar
den move swe
ion move tun
lvp move cly
gol support mar move spa
mar move spa
mos support war
mun hold
nrg move edi
pie move mar
por move mid
pru move war
rum move ukr
sev hold
sil support pru move war
spa support bur move mar
swe move nwy
tri move adr
tys move gol
ven move tyr
vie move boh
war hold
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
France: army mar
Russia: army/dislodged mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: supply por
France: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
France: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: supply por
France: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
boh support tyr move mun
bre hold
cly support nrg move edi
edi hold
gal move war
lon move yor
lvn move stp/sc
mid move por
mar hold
mun move boh
nrg move edi
nwy hold
pie move mar
pru move war
sev hold
sil support pru move war
spa move por
swe move fin
tun move wes
tyr move mun
tys support tun move wes
ukr support gal move war
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
France: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
France: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: supply por
France: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
edi move nth
mun move kie
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
Russia: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: supply por
France: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove bre
build Army bud
remove gol
build Army par
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: supply por
France: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
France: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
boh move sil
bud move gal
cly move edi
edi move yor
fin move stp
gal move war
ion move tys
kie support sil move mun
lvn move pru
mid support wes move spa
mar move pie
mun move bur
nwy support fin move stp
par move bre
pie move mar
pru move sil
sev hold
sil move mun
spa move por
tri move adr
tys move gol
ukr support gal move war
vie move tyr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
France: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
Austria: supply por
France: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet/dislodged stp/sc
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
France: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
Austria: supply por
France: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
boh support tyr move mun
bre hold
bur support tyr move mun
cly move edi
edi move yor
gal move sil
kie support mun
lvn move pru
gol support pie move mar
mid move por
mar support por move spa
mun hold
nwy move swe
pie move mar
por move spa
pru move sil
sev hold
spa/sc support mid move por
stp hold
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr move mos
war support ukr move mos
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
France: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
France: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
mar move gas
mun move ruh
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
France: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
France: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: fleet sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
