PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar support par move bur
mos move sev
nap move tys
par move bur
rom move tus
sev move rum
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
bul move gre
bur move ruh
con move aeg
eng convoy yor move bel
kie move hol
mid move por
mar move spa
mun hold
nth move nwy
rum move bla
ser support alb move gre
sev move arm
tus move tun via convoy
tys convoy tus move tun
ukr move rum
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Army smy
build Army stp
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
arm move smy
ber move mun
bla move con
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul move gre
con move ank
eng move bel
gre support ser move bul
hol support kie move ruh
kie move ruh
lon move nth
mar move gol
mun move tyr
nwy support lon move nth
par move bur
por move mid
rom move nap
ruh move hol
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
smy support con move ank
spa move mar
stp move lvn
tri move alb
tys move ion
vie move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy gre move con
alb move gre
ank support gre move con
arm support con move ank
bel support nth
bul support alb move gre
bur support bel
con move ank
den move kie
gre move con via convoy
hol move ruh
ion move eas
lvn move stp
gol support mar move pie
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun support ruh move bur
nap move ion
nth convoy yor move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
ruh move bur
rum support bul
ser support alb move gre
smy support gre move con
tri hold
tyr move pie
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bur move par
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Fleet edi
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Fleet sev
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
arm move smy
bel move hol
bul support ank move con
bur move gas
con support smy move ank
eas move aeg
edi move nrg
gre support bul
ion move tys
kie move hol
lvn support mos move stp
gol move tys
mar move gas
mos move stp
mun move bur
nth convoy yor move den
nwy move ska
par support mar move gas
pie move mar
ser move tri
sev move bla
smy move ank via convoy
tri move bud
vie move tri
wes support gol move tys
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move smy
bel hold
bla move ank
bud support ser move rum
bul support ser move rum
con support bla move ank
den hold
gas move bur
gre support bul
ion move adr
lvn move stp
mar support gas move bur
nth support bel
nrg move nwy
par support gas move bur
ser move rum
ska support den
smy support con
stp move fin
swe hold
tys move nap
ven move rom
vie hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army/dislodged ank
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank disband
rum move sev
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
build Fleet tri
remove tun
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
ank move con
bel support edi move hol
bre move mid
bud move tri
bul hold
bur move ruh
con move aeg
den support nwy move swe
edi move hol via convoy
fin support stp move nwy
gre support bul
ion support rom move nap
mar move pie
nap move rom
nth convoy edi move hol
nwy move swe
par move bur
rom move nap
rum support bul
sev move ukr
ska support nwy move swe
smy move arm
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move alb
tys support nap move rom
vie support bud move tri
war move pru
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move bal
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support aeg move ion
arm move sev
bal support pru move ber
bel support hol
bul support gre
bur move ruh
den support swe
fin move stp
gre support bul
hol support bur move ruh
ion move tun
mid move wes
nth move nwy
par move bur
pie move tus
pru move ber
rom move nap
rum support bul
ska support nth move nwy
swe support nth move nwy
tri move tyr
tys support nap
ukr support arm move sev
vie support tri move tyr
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army/dislodged tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move fin
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support ion
bal support ber move kie
ber move kie
bur support ruh move mun
con move aeg
den support hol move kie
edi move nrg
fin move nwy
gre move apu via convoy
hol move kie
ion move tun
lon move nth
nap support tus move rom
nwy support swe
rom support ven
ruh move mun
rum move gal
sev move ukr
ska support swe
stp support fin move nwy
swe support nwy
tri move adr
tun move tys
tus move rom
tyr move pie
tys support wes move tun
ukr move war
vie move tri
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rom move apu
tun move naf
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg support ion
alb support ion
bal support ber move kie
bel move nth
ber move kie
bul move ser
bur move mar
den support hol move kie
fin support stp move nwy
gal move boh
gre move apu via convoy
hol move kie
ion support apu move nap
mun support hol move kie
naf move mid
nap support rom
nth move nrg
nrg move bar
nwy support swe
pie support tri move ven
rom support nap
ska support swe
stp move nwy
swe support nwy
tri move ven
tun support tys
tys support tun
ukr move war
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
remove mid
build Army par
build Army tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support gre move apu
aeg support ion
alb support ion
bal move bot
bar convoy edi move stp
ber move kie
boh support sil move mun
bre move mid
den support kie
edi move stp via convoy
fin support stp
gre move apu via convoy
ion convoy gre move apu
mar move pie
mun move tyr
nap support tun move ion
nth support den
nrg convoy edi move stp
nwy support edi move stp
par move bur
pie support tri move tyr
rom move ven
ser move tri
sil move mun
ska move swe
stp support fin
swe move fin
tri move tyr
tun move ion
tys support tun move ion
ven support gre move apu
war move pru
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ruh
stp move mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
alb support aeg move ion
apu support ion move nap
bar support stp
ber support mun
boh support mun
bot support fin
bur support ruh move mun
den support ska move swe
ion move nap
kie support ruh move mun
mid move wes
mar move pie
nap support rom
nrg support nwy
nwy support stp
pie support tri move tyr
pru move lvn
rom support nap
ruh move mun
ser move tri
ska move swe
swe move bal
tri move tyr
tun move ion
tys support rom
ven move rom
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support alb move ion
alb move ion
apu support nap move rom
bal move bot
bar move stp/nc
ber support mun
boh support mun
bot move stp/sc
bur support ruh move mun
den support kie
edi move nrg
fin support bot move stp
ion move nap
kie support ruh move mun
lvn support bot move stp
mar move pie
mos support bot move stp
mun support ber
nap move rom
nrg move bar
nwy support bar move stp
pie move mar
rom move nap
ruh move mun
stp move fin
swe support stp move fin
tri hold
tun move ion
tyr support mun
tys support rom move nap
ven support nap move rom
war move pru
wes move tun
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army/dislodged rom
Russia: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rom move tus
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Russia: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion
apu move rom
bar support fin move stp
ber support mun
boh support mun
bot support fin move stp
bur support ruh move mun
den support kie
edi move nth
fin move stp
ion support nap move tys
kie support ruh move mun
lvn support stp/sc
mar move pie
mos support stp/sc
mun support ber
nap move tys
nth move hel
nwy support fin move stp
pie support rom move tus
rom move tus
ruh move mun
stp/sc hold
swe move bal
tri move vie
tun support tys move ion
tus support mar move pie
tyr support pie
tys move ion
ven support rom move tus
wes support tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tys move gol
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army sev
build Fleet tri
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
ber support pru
boh support mun
bur support ruh move mun
ion move tun
lvn support war
gol support wes
mar move pie
mos support lvn
mun support ber
pru support ber
ruh move mun
sev move ukr
tri move alb
tun move tys
tus move gol
tyr support mun
tys support tus move gol
ven support pie
vie move gal
war support lvn
wes support tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support ion
apu support ion
ber support mun
boh support mun
bur support ruh move mun
gal move sil
ion support tys move tun
lvn support mos
gol support wes
mar hold
mos support lvn
mun support ber
pie hold
pru support ber
ruh move mun
tus move gol
tyr support mun
tys move tun
ukr move gal
ven support pie
war support lvn
wes support gol
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
France: fleet/dislodged tun
France: supply tun
Russia: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tun move naf
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Russia: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove ruh
build Army sev
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Russia: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move nap
bal support den move kie
bar convoy stp move bel
ber move kie
boh support mun
bot move stp/sc
bur support kie move ruh
den move kie
hel support den move kie
ion support tun
kie move ruh
lvn move stp
gol move tus
mar move pie
mos support lvn move stp
mun support ber move kie
naf move tun
nth convoy stp move bel
nrg convoy stp move bel
nwy support bot move stp
pie hold
pru move ber
rom move tus
sil support pru move ber
stp move bel via convoy
tun hold
tus move gol
tyr support mun
ven support pie
war support lvn
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Russia: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support bot move lvn
bar support nwy move stp
bel support bur
ber support mun
boh support mun
bot move lvn
bur support ruh move mun
gal move war
gre move alb
hel support kie
ion support tun
kie support ruh move mun
lvn move stp
gol support wes move tys
mar move pie
mos support lvn move stp
mun support ber
naf move tun
nap move tys
nth move eng
nrg move nat
nwy move stp/nc
pru support war move lvn
ruh move mun
sil support mun
tyr support mun
ven support pie
war move lvn
wes move tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Russia: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove gal
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Russia: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ion
bal move ber
bar move stp/nc
bel support ruh
ber support mun
boh support mun
bot support bar move stp
bur move mun
hel support kie
ion move tys
kie support bal move ber
lvn move stp
gol support tys move wes
mar move pie
mos support lvn move stp
mun support ber
naf support tys move wes
nat move mid
nap support ion move tys
nwy support bar move stp
pie hold
pru support ber
ruh support kie
sev move ukr
sil support mun
tri move adr
tun support ion move tys
tus move gol
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ven support pie
war support pru
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Russia: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
bal move den
bel support ruh
ber support mun
boh support mun
bot move bal
bur move mun
hel support kie
ion move tys
kie support ruh
lvn support mos
gol support wes
mid support wes
mar move pie
mos support lvn
mun support ber
naf support wes
nap support ion move tys
nwy support stp/nc
pie hold
pru support ber
ruh support kie
sil support ber
stp/nc hold
tun move wes
tus support tys move gol
tyr support mun
tys move gol
ukr support mos
ven support pie
war support pru
wes support gol
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet/dislodged gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Russia: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gol move spa/sc
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Russia: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move ion
bal move ber
bel support ruh
ber support pru
boh support mun
bur support mar
den support kie
hel support kie
kie support bal move ber
lvn move stp
gol convoy rom move mar
mid support wes
mos support lvn move stp
mun move bur
naf support wes
nap support apu move ion
nwy support stp/nc
pie support rom move mar
pru support ber
rom move mar via convoy
ruh support kie
sil hold
spa/sc support mar
tus support gol
tyr support mun
tys convoy rom move mar
ukr support mos
ven support pie
war move lvn
wes support naf
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Russia: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
