PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move ven
ven move pie
vie move gal
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
bot move swe
bre move mid
bul move gre
con move bul
den hold
gal move rum
ion move gre
kie move hol
lon move eng
nth convoy yor move bel
pic move bel
pie support rom move ven
rom move ven
ruh support kie move hol
rum move ser
sev move bla
spa move mar
stp move nwy
tri move ven
ukr move war
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
bud move ser
bul hold
con support bul
den support kie move hel
eng support yor move bel
hol support ruh move bel
ion move gre
kie move hel
mid move por
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun support vie move tyr
nth convoy yor move bel
nwy move fin
pic move bre
pie move tyr
ruh move bel
rum move bul
ser move alb
sev move bla
smy move aeg
stp move mos
swe move nwy
tri move ven
ven move tri
vie move tyr
war move gal
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
alb move gre
ank move bla
bre move pic
bul move gre
con move bul
den move nth
eng support yor move bel
fin move nwy
gal move war
hel support den move nth
hol support ruh move bel
mos move sev
mun hold
nth convoy yor move bel
nwy move nrg
por move spa/sc
ruh move bel
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move arm
spa move por
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ukr hold
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Italy: fleet/dislodged gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
gre disband
nth move edi
ven disband
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Fleet mar
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
alb support bul move gre
arm move bla
bel hold
bla support con move bul
bre move eng
bud hold
bul move gre
con move bul
eng move lon
gre support con move bul
hel support nth
hol support bel
kie hold
mar move gol
mun hold
nth support bre move eng
nrg convoy nwy move cly
nwy move cly via convoy
pic hold
por move mid
ser support bul move gre
sev support ukr move rum
spa move mar
tri move adr
ukr move rum
ven move rom
vie move tyr
war move ukr
yor support edi
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support bul
alb support gre
arm move ank
bel hold
bla support bul
bud hold
bul hold
cly move edi
eng convoy pic move wal
hel support nth
hol move yor via convoy
kie hold
lon support eng move nth
gol support mar move pie
mid move nat
mar move pie
mun hold
nth convoy hol move yor
nrg support cly move edi
pic move wal via convoy
rom move nap
rum move sev
ser move bul
sev move mos
tyr move ven
ukr move sev
yor support edi
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Italy: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet sev
build Army stp
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move tun via convoy
ank support sev move bla
bel hold
bla support bul
bud hold
bul support aeg move gre
edi move yor
eng support hol move lon
gre support ser move bul
hel support nth
hol move lon via convoy
ion convoy alb move tun
kie move ber
gol move tys
mos move sev
mun move boh
nat support wal move lvp
nap move rom
nth convoy hol move lon
nrg support edi
pie move tyr
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move bla
stp move mos
ukr support rum
ven hold
wal move lvp
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bla move arm
bul move con
lon disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support con
ank hold
arm move ank
bel hold
ber move mun
bla support ank
boh move vie
bud move vie
con support arm move ank
edi hold
gre support bul
hel support nth
ion move nap
lon hold
mos move ukr
nth support lon
nrg support edi
rom move nap
rum hold
sev support rum
sil support ukr move gal
tun hold
tyr move ven
tys move nap
ukr move gal
ven move tyr
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army ber
build Army mar
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
remove yor
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank move con
bel hold
bla support ank move con
boh move vie
bud support vie
edi hold
eng hold
gal support boh move vie
gre support bul
hel support nth
ion move nap
lon hold
lvp hold
mar support tyr move pie
mun move tyr
nat move mid
nth hold
nrg support edi
rom move nap
rum support gal
sev move arm
sil support gal
tri move adr
tyr move pie
tys move gol
ukr support rum
ven move tyr
vie support ven move tyr
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
arm support con move smy
bel hold
ber move mun
bla move con
boh move vie
bud move gal
bul move rum
con move smy
edi hold
eng move iri
gal move bud
gre move ser
hel support nth
ion move aeg
lon hold
gol move tys
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun move tyr
nth hold
nrg support edi
pie move tus
rom hold
rum support gal move bud
sil move gal
tun hold
ukr support rum
ven move tyr
vie support bud move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet sev
build Army tri
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
arm move smy
bel move pic
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
con support smy move aeg
edi hold
gal support rum
hel move nth
ion support tun
mun move bur
nth move eng
nrg move nat
pie move ven
rom move tus
rum hold
ser support bud
sev move bla
sil support gal
smy move aeg
tri move tyr
tus support tys move rom
tys move rom
ukr support rum
ven support rom move tus
vie support tri move tyr
war support gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet/dislodged aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army/dislodged rom
France: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
rom move nap
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ber move mun
bla support con move bul
bud support bul move rum
bur move gas
con move bul/sc
edi move lvp
eng move bre
gal support sil move boh
gre move aeg
ion move tys
iri move mid
lon hold
mun move bur
nat support edi move lvp
nth move eng
pic move par
pie move mar
rom hold
rum support con move bul
ser support bul move rum
sil move boh
smy hold
tus support rom
tyr move ven
tys move gol
ukr support rum
ven move rom
vie move gal
war support gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
France: army/dislodged lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lvp move yor
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
remove rom
build Fleet sev
build Army stp
remove tun
remove yor
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc move gre
bla move con
boh move vie
bre move mid
bud move rum
bul/sc move gre
bur move mar
eng support bre move mid
gal move bud
gas move spa
gre support ser move bul
kie move hel
lon hold
lvp hold
gol support mar
mid move spa/nc
mar hold
nat move cly
nap move rom
par move gas
rum move ser
ser move bul
sev move bla
smy hold
stp move fin
tus move pie
tyr move boh
tys move ion
ukr move rum
ven support nap move rom
vie hold
war hold
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Russia: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gre move alb
mid move por
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Russia: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb support ion
ber move sil
bla support con move bul
boh support gal
bud support bul move ser
bul move ser
bur move mar
cly hold
con move bul/sc
eng move mid
fin move swe
gal support ukr move rum
gas support bur move mar
gre support con move bul
hel move nth
ion hold
lvp hold
gol move spa/sc
mid move wes
mar support gol move spa
mun support ber move sil
par move pic
pie support mar
por support gol move spa
rom hold
ser support ukr move rum
smy hold
tyr move tri
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie support bud
war support gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mos
remove pie
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre move ion
alb support ser move gre
bla support rum
boh move vie
bud support vie
bul/sc move gre
bur move mar
cly hold
gal move bud
gas support bur move mar
gre move ion
ion support ser move gre
lon move yor
lvp move edi
mid support wes move spa
mar move pie
mos move war
mun move boh
nth move den
pic move bur
por move mid
rum support gal move bud
ser move gre
sil support mun move boh
smy hold
spa/sc support por move mid
stp/nc move nwy
swe hold
tyr support mun move boh
ven move tri
vie support bud
war move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Austria: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
bud move ser
ion move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc move gre
alb support gre
bla move bul/ec
boh move gal
bud hold
bul/sc move gre
bur support mar
cly move lvp
den move swe
edi move lvp
gal support bud
gas move spa
ion move alb
mid move por
mar support gas move spa
nwy move nrg
pie move ven
por support spa/sc move mid
rom move nap
rum move ser
ser support tri move bud
sil move war
smy hold
spa/sc move mid
swe hold
tri move bud
tun move ion
tyr move ven
vie support tri move bud
war support gal
wes support gas move spa
yor move lvp
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: fleet/dislodged mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
mid move eng
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet kie
build Army mos
remove pie
remove por
build Fleet stp/sc
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move apu
alb support tun move ion
ber move bal
boh move sil
bud support vie move gal
bul/ec support rum
bur move mun
cly move lvp
den move nth
edi move lvp
eng support den move nth
gal support war move sil
gre support ion
ion convoy smy move apu
kie move den
mid move eng
mar hold
mos move lvn
nrg move nth
rum support gal
ser support bud
sil move pru
smy move apu via convoy
spa move por
stp/sc move bot
swe hold
tri move adr
tun move ion
tyr move vie
vie move gal
war move sil
wes move tys
yor move edi
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Germany: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tun move ion
aeg move ion
alb support tun move ion
apu support ion move nap
bal move den
boh support vie move gal
bot move bal
bud support ser
bul/ec support rum
cly move lvp
den move nth
edi move lvp
eng move bre
gal support rum
gre support aeg move ion
ion move nap
kie move hel
lvn move pru
mid move bre
mar move spa
mun move sil
nrg move nth
por hold
pru support mun move sil
rum support gal
ser support bud
swe move den
tun move ion
tyr move ven
tys support tun move ion
vie move gal
war support lvn move pru
yor move edi
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army/dislodged nap
Russia: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Germany: army/dislodged pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
nap move rom
pru move ber
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
remove mid
build Army sev
remove ven
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nap
Russia: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg support gre
alb support ion
apu move ven
bal support ber move pru
ber move pru
boh move gal
bot support swe
bud support ser
bul/ec move bla
cly move lvp
den move ska
edi support cly move lvp
eng support hel move nth
gal support sev move rum
gre support rum move bul
ion support rom move nap
kie move den
nap move ion
nrg move nat
por move spa
pru support war move sil
rom move nap
rum move bul
ser support bud
sev move rum
sil support boh move gal
spa move mar
swe hold
tys support rom move nap
vie support boh move gal
war move sil
yor move edi
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Russia: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Russia: army/dislodged pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
gal move ukr
pru move lvn
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Russia: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support ion move gre
apu move ion
bal move bot
bla move con
bot move swe
bud support ser
bul support gre
den move swe
edi move lvp
eng move mid
gal move war
gre support aeg move ion
hel move nth
ion move gre
lvn support war
lvp move iri
mar move pie
nat move mid
pru support gal move war
rum move gal
ser support ion move gre
sil support gal move war
ska support den move swe
spa move gas
swe move nwy
tys support ion
ukr support war
ven move tri
vie move tri
war hold
yor move lvp
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
build Army mun
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support gre
apu move ion
bal support swe
bot move swe
bud support ser
bul support rum
con support bul
edi move lvp
eng move mid
gal move war
gas move spa
gre support apu move ion
iri support nat move mid
lvn support war
mun move tyr
nat move mid
nap move rom
nth support yor move edi
nwy support bot move swe
pie support mun move tyr
pru support gal move war
rum move gal
ser support gre
sil support gal move war
ska move nwy
swe support ska move nwy
tri move adr
tys move wes
ukr support war
ven move rom
vie move tri
yor move edi
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support con
alb support gre
bal move bot
bot move swe
bud support ser
bul support rum
con support aeg
edi hold
eng move bre
gal move war
ion move eas
iri move eng
lvn support war
mid move por
nap move rom
nth support ska move nwy
nwy support bot move swe
pie support tri move ven
pru support gal move war
rum support bul
ser support gre
sil support gal move war
ska move nwy
spa move por
swe support bal move bot
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ukr support war
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
Russia: fleet/dislodged bot
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Russia: army/dislodged ven
Russia: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
ven move apu
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
build Army vie
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb move ion
ber move pru
bot move lvn
bre move eng
bud support ser
bul support rum move ser
con support bul
eas support ion move aeg
edi move lvp
eng move lon
gal move ukr
gre support ion move aeg
ion move aeg
kie move hol
lvn move stp
lvp move wal
mid move eng
nth support bre move eng
nwy move bar
pie move mar
pru move war
rom move apu
rum move ser
ser support gre
sil support pru move war
spa hold
swe move nwy
tyr move boh
ukr support war
ven hold
vie hold
war hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
Germany: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
war move mos
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
Germany: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul
apu move syr via convoy
bar support lvn move stp
boh support gal
bud support ser
bul move ser
con support smy
eas convoy apu move syr
eng move bre
gre move bul/sc
hol move nth
ion convoy apu move syr
lon hold
lvn move stp/sc
lvp support nth move yor
mid move bre
mar move gas
mos support stp
nth move yor
nwy support lvn move stp
pru move lvn
rum support bul move ser
ser support gre move bul
sil support war
smy hold
spa move por
stp hold
ukr move gal
vie support bud
wal support lon
war support pru move lvn
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
stp move fin
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove fin
remove mid
build Army mun
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
bar support stp/sc
ber move pru
boh support mun move tyr
bud support ser move rum
bul/sc support aeg move con
eas support syr move smy
eng support nth move lon
gal move ukr
gas move mar
ion move aeg
lvn support war move mos
lvp move wal
mun move tyr
nth move lon
nwy move nth
por move spa
ser move rum
sil move war
spa/sc move wes
stp/sc hold
syr move smy
tri move adr
ven hold
vie hold
war move mos
yor support nth move lon
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: fleet con
Russia: fleet/dislodged con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
bud support vie
eas move smy
lvn move mos
mos move sev
rum support mos move sev
smy move ank
vie support bud
war support lvn move mos
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
