PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move nap
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move gal
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bot move swe
bul move rum
con move bul
den hold
eng support pic move bel
ion convoy nap move tun
kie move hol
nap move tun via convoy
nth support ruh move bel
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
pie move mar
ruh move bel
ser support alb move gre
sev support ukr move rum
spa move por
stp move nwy
ukr move rum
yor move wal
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla move sev
bud support ser
bul support bud move rum
con hold
den move ska
eng move bel
gal move sil
gre move aeg
hol support ruh move bel
ion move eas
kie move den
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move bur
nap move ion
nth support ruh move bel
nrg move nwy
pic support eng move bel
por move spa
ruh move bel
rum hold
ser support rum
sev move arm
smy move aeg
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tun hold
ven hold
vie move gal
wal move lon
war hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move bla
bel hold
bla move ank
bud support rum
bur move mun
con support bul
den move swe
eas convoy tun move syr
eng move nth
gal move sil
gre support ser move bul
hol support bel
ion convoy tun move syr
lon move nwy via convoy
mar move spa
mos move sev
nth convoy lon move nwy
nrg support lon move nwy
nwy hold
pic move par
por move spa
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sil move ber
ska support lon move nwy
smy hold
stp support nwy
tun move syr via convoy
ven hold
war hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move bar
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
remove rum
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bar move stp/nc
bel hold
ber support sil
bla support sev move arm
bud move gal
bul move con
eas support syr move smy
eng support par move pic
gre move aeg
hol move ruh
ion support gre move aeg
kie move ber
lon move nth
mar move spa
mun support kie move ber
nth move hel
nrg support lon move nth
nwy hold
par move pic
por move spa
sev move arm
sil support ber
ska move swe
stp move fin
swe move bal
syr move smy
tri move tyr
ven hold
vie move boh
war move lvn
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
arm move ank
bal support kie move ber
bel move hol
ber support boh move mun
bla support bul move con
boh move mun
bul move con
con support ank move smy
eas support smy
eng move bel
fin move swe
gal move vie
hel support nwy move den
ion hold
kie move ber
lvn move stp
mar move spa
mun move sil
nth support nwy move den
nrg move nwy
nwy move den
pic support eng move bel
por move spa
ruh move mun
sil support ber
smy support arm move ank
stp/nc move bar
swe move den
tyr support boh move mun
ven hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Austria: army/dislodged ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
mun move kie
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove den
remove hol
build Army mos
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move smy
ank hold
bal support ber
bar move nwy
bel support nwy move hol
ber support ruh move mun
bla support ank
bud move tri
con move smy
eas convoy smy move apu
hel support mun move kie
ion convoy smy move apu
kie support ruh move mun
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move kie
nth convoy nwy move hol
nrg move nwy
nwy move hol
par move gas
pic move bur
por move spa
pru move ber
rom move tys
ruh move mun
sil support pru move ber
smy move apu via convoy
stp move fin
swe support bar move nwy
tyr move pie
ven move pie
vie move tyr
war move pru
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move den
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
apu support ven
bel hold
ber support mun
bur move mar
den move kie
eas move aeg
fin support nwy
gas support bur move mar
hel move den
hol support kie
ion move gre
kie support tyr move mun
mar move bur
mun support den move kie
nth support hel move den
nrg move bar
nwy support swe
por move spa
pru move ber
sil support pru move ber
stp move lvn
swe support nwy
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ven hold
vie move boh
war move pru
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
Italy: army/dislodged mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mar move pie
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
remove gol
build Army par
remove pie
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
apu support ven
bar move nrg
bel hold
ber support kie
bla hold
boh move mun
bre move mid
bud move ser
den support nth move ska
eas move aeg
edi move nth
fin support nwy
gas support par move bur
ion support eas move aeg
kie support ber
lvn move war
mar move pie
mun move ruh
nth move ska
nwy support stp/nc move bar
par move bur
pru hold
sil support boh move mun
spa move mar
stp/nc move bar
swe move den
tri move alb
tyr support mar move pie
ven hold
vie move tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet/dislodged aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move gre
ank move arm
apu move rom
bar support nwy
bel hold
ber move pru
bla move con
bur move ruh
con move ank
den support ska move swe
fin support nwy
gas move bur
hol hold
ion move tys
kie support mun
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun support kie
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy support swe
pie move tyr
pru hold
ruh move kie
ser move rum
sil support ber move pru
ska move swe
smy support con move ank
swe support nwy
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ven move tri
war hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Russia: army/dislodged pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
pru move lvn
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
remove nwy
remove ruh
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
arm move smy
bel support hol
bud move gal
bur move ruh
con support arm move smy
den move ska
edi move nth
fin move stp
gas move bur
hol support bur move ruh
ion move aeg
kie support mun move ruh
lvn move mos
mar move pie
mun move ruh
nth move nwy
nrg move bar
pie move tyr
pru move war
rom support ven
rum move bul
sil support pru move war
smy support ank move con
swe move fin
tri support vie move tyr
tyr move mun
tys move ion
ven support pie move tyr
vie move tyr
war move gal
wes move gol
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
war move ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
arm move sev
bar support stp
bel hold
bur move mun
con move bla
fin move stp/sc
gas move par
hol support bur move ruh
ion support aeg move gre
gol hold
mar move bur
mos support stp
nth move den
nrg move bar
nwy support nrg move bar
pie move tyr
rom support ven
ska move nwy
ukr move rum
ven support pie move tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Austria: army/dislodged gre
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bar move stp/nc
bla support rum move bul
bur move ruh
den move bal
edi move nth
fin support bar move stp
gre support rum move bul
hol support bel
ion move adr
mos support stp move lvn
nap move ion
nwy support bar move stp
par move pic
rom move apu
rum move bul
sev move rum
ska move den
stp move lvn
tyr move mun
ven move tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
ank move con
apu move alb via convoy
bal move ber
bel hold
bla move con
bud support tri
bul support bla move con
den support hol move kie
fin support stp/nc
gre move aeg
hol move kie
ion convoy apu move alb
kie support mun
lvn support mos move war
gol hold
mar hold
mos move war
mun support vie move tyr
nth move hel
nwy move nth
pic move bur
ruh support tyr move mun
rum hold
sil support war
smy support ank move con
stp/nc hold
tri support vie move tyr
tyr move mun
ven move tri
vie move tyr
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Austria: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
mun move boh
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army lvp
build Army par
remove sil
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move smy
alb move ser
ank move con
bel hold
ber move bal
bla support bul move con
boh support tyr
bud support war move gal
bul move con
bur move mun
den move swe
edi move kie via convoy
fin move stp/sc
hel convoy edi move kie
ion hold
kie move ber
lon hold
lvn move war
lvp move yor
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos support lvn move war
mun move boh
nth convoy edi move kie
par move bur
ruh support bur move mun
rum move bud
smy support ank move con
stp/nc move nwy
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ven move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move smy
ank support smy move con
bal convoy kie move lvn
ber move pru
bla support con move ank
boh move tyr
bud support tri move ser
bur move mar
con move ank
gal move rum
hel convoy yor move kie
ion hold
kie move lvn via convoy
lon hold
gol hold
mos move lvn
mun support pie move tyr
nth convoy yor move kie
nwy support stp/sc
par move bur
pie move tyr
ruh support mun
rum move bud
ser support adr move tri
smy move con
stp/sc support kie move lvn
swe move bot
tri move ser
tyr move ven
ven support adr move tri
war support mos move lvn
yor move kie via convoy
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Austria: fleet/dislodged ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Italy: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
tri move alb
tyr move vie
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove boh
remove con
remove gal
build Army nap
build Army rom
build Army sev
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move ser
ank move con
bal convoy kie move lvn
bel move pic
bla support ank move con
bot support kie move lvn
bud support alb move ser
bur hold
hel convoy lon move kie
ion convoy nap move gre
kie move lvn via convoy
lon move kie via convoy
gol hold
mos move lvn
mun move boh
nap move gre via convoy
nth convoy lon move kie
nwy move nrg
pru move war
rom move apu
ruh move mun
rum hold
ser move bud
sev move ukr
smy move con
stp/sc support kie move lvn
tri hold
tyr support mun move boh
ven support tri
vie support bud
war support mos move lvn
yor move edi
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Italy: army/dislodged ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser move bul
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move alb via convoy
bal convoy kie move stp
bla move bul/ec
boh move vie
bot convoy kie move stp
bud support vie
bul hold
bur move mun
con support bla move bul
edi move kie via convoy
gre support bul
hel convoy edi move kie
ion convoy apu move alb
kie move stp via convoy
lvn support kie move stp
mar move bur
mos support war
mun move sil
nth convoy edi move kie
nrg move nwy
pru support lvn
rum support bla move bul
ser move tri
smy move con
stp/sc move fin
tri hold
tyr support boh move vie
ukr move gal
ven support tri
vie support ser move tri
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ser
bal convoy kie move lvn
bla move bul/ec
boh move vie
bot support kie move lvn
bud support ser
bul support alb move ser
bur hold
con support bla move bul
fin support stp
gal support war
gre support bul
hel move nth
ion move aeg
kie move lvn via convoy
lvn move mos
gol move mar
mos support war
mun move boh
nap move ion
nth move nrg
nwy move bar
pic hold
pru move war
rum support bla move bul
sil support pru move war
smy move con
stp support lvn move mos
tri hold
tyr support boh move vie
ven support tri
vie move boh
war hold
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mos move ukr
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move ser
bal support pru
bar hold
bla support con
boh move gal
bot support lvn
bud support ser
bul support aeg move con
con hold
fin support stp
gal move sil
gre support bul
ion support gre
lvn support pru move war
mos move ukr
nth hold
nrg hold
pru move war
rum support ukr move sev
ser support bud
sil support pru move war
smy support aeg move con
stp move mos
tri hold
tyr support vie
ukr move sev
ven support tri
vie support boh move gal
war support gal move sil
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army/dislodged con
Italy: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
France: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move ank
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
France: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove ank
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army nap
build Army par
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
France: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ser
bal move den
bar convoy edi move stp
bla support sev
bot move bal
bud support ser
bul support alb move ser
bur hold
con move ank
edi move stp via convoy
fin move swe
gal move bud
gre support alb move ser
lon move hol via convoy
lvn move war
mar hold
mos support ukr move sev
nth convoy lon move hol
nrg convoy edi move stp
par hold
pic hold
rum support sev
ser support bud
sev support rum
sil move gal
smy move con
tri move adr
tyr move boh
ukr move sev
ven move tri
vie support gal move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank support con move bla
bal hold
bar hold
bla support sev
bud support gal move rum
bul support gal move rum
con move bla
den move nth
gal move rum
gre support bul
ion move tys
lvn move war
mos support ukr move sev
nap move apu
nth move lon
nrg hold
rum support sev
ser support tri
sev support rum
stp move lvn
swe move ska
tri support ser
ukr move sev
war move ukr
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Russia: fleet/dislodged bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
bla disband
sev disband
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army rum
France: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Fleet edi
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army rum
France: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
apu move rom
bal convoy lvn move kie
bar move nrg
bla move rum
boh support vie
bud support rum
bul support bla move rum
bur move bel
ion move tun
lon support nth move eng
lvn move kie via convoy
mos move war
nth move eng
nrg move nat
pic move bel
rom move tus
rum support bud
ser support bla move rum
sev support ukr
ska move nth
tri support ser
tys move gol
ukr support sev
ven support tri
vie support bud
war move gal
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: fleet rum
France: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
