PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move sil
bre move pic
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bla support bul move rum
bot move swe
bud move gal
bul move rum
bur move mun
con move bul
den move swe
eng move bre
gal move bud
ion move tun
nth convoy yor move nwy
pic move bel
pie move mar
ruh move hol
rum move sev
ser move gre
sil move mun
spa move mar
stp move nwy
tri move alb
ven move tri
yor move nwy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army con
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet ven
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move adr
ank move arm
ber move pru
bla move sev
bot move bal
bre support lon move eng
bud support gre move ser
bul support rum
con support bul
den move bal
gal move vie
gre move ser
hol support yor move bel
lon move eng
mun hold
nap move ion
nth convoy yor move bel
pie move mar
rum support ank move sev
sev hold
sil move war
stp move fin
tri move bud
tun move wes
ven move adr
yor move bel
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
France: fleet/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support bud move tri
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bot move swe
bre move gas
bud move tri
bul move ser
con move bul
den move swe
eng move mid
fin move nwy
hol hold
ion support alb move gre
mar support wes move spa
mun hold
nth move eng
pru move war
rum support bul move ser
ser support bud move tri
sev move rum
tri support ser
ven support tri
vie support tri
war move mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bel move bur
ber move pru
bla support bul move rum
bot move swe
bud move rum
bul move rum
con move bul
den move swe
eng move mid
ion support alb move gre
kie move bal
lon move nth
mid move wes
mar support spa/sc
mos move stp
mun move boh
nap move tys
nwy support bot move swe
par move bre
rom move ven
rum move gal
ser support bud move rum
sev move mos
smy move aeg
spa/sc move mid
tri support ser
vie move boh
war move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal move swe
bla convoy con move rum
bre move par
bud move rum
bul support aeg move gre
bur move par
den support bal move swe
eng support gas move bre
gal support tri move bud
gas move bre
gre support ion move aeg
ion move tun
mar move spa
mun move tyr
nth move nwy
nwy support swe
pru move war
rom move ven
ser support bud move rum
sev support con move rum
spa/sc move por
stp support nth move nwy
swe hold
tri move bud
tys move gol
ven move apu
vie hold
war move mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army/dislodged bre
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bre move pic
gre move ion
nwy move fin
swe move bot
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bot
remove fin
remove ion
build Army lon
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
apu move adr
ber move sil
bla support bul move rum
bre move gas
bul move rum
bur move par
con move bul
eng convoy lon move bel
gal support bul move rum
hol support lon move bel
lon move bel via convoy
gol move spa/sc
mid support bre move gas
mun move boh
nap move tys
nwy move nth
por move mid
rom move ven
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev support bul move rum
spa move gas
stp move lvn
tun move naf
tyr move pie
ven move pie
vie move tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
rum move ukr
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
bel hold
bla move rum
boh support tyr move vie
bre support mid
bud move ser
bul support bud move ser
eng support mid move bre
gal move bud
lvn support mos
gol move spa/sc
mid hold
mos support war
naf move mid
nth move nrg
par hold
por support naf move mid
rom move ven
rum move ukr
ser move rum
sev support rum move ukr
sil move gal
spa move mar
tri support bud
tyr move vie
tys move wes
ukr support ser move rum
ven move tri
war support sil move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Russia: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move alb
tri move tyr
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet lvp
build Army mun
remove tyr
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support gre move alb
alb move gre
bel move bur
bla support bul move rum
boh move tyr
bre support mid move gas
bud move gal
bul move rum
con move bul
eng hold
gal support vie
gre move alb
lvn support mos
lvp move iri
mid move gas
mar move bur
mos support war
mun support boh move tyr
naf support spa/sc move mid
nrg move nat
par support bel move bur
por move spa/nc
ser support bud
sev support ukr
spa/sc move mid
tri move vie
ukr support sev
ven move pie
vie support boh move tyr
war support gal
wes support spa/sc move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
alb move gre
bla move con
bre support gas move mid
bud support tri move vie
bul move rum
bur support par move gas
den hold
eng support gas move mid
gal move ukr
gas move mid
hol hold
iri support gas move mid
lvn support mos
mid move nat
mar move gas
mos support gal move ukr
mun support tyr
naf support mid
nat support gas move mid
par move gas
pie move tyr
rum move gal
ser support bud
sev support ukr
spa/nc support mid
swe hold
tri move vie
tyr support vie
ukr support rum move gal
vie support tyr
war support gal move ukr
wes support mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Germany: army/dislodged vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move por
vie move boh
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove den
build Army rom
build Army smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
boh move tyr
bre move gas
bud support vie
bur support gas move mar
con move bla
eng support nat move mid
gal support rum move ukr
gas move mar
gre move aeg
hol move kie
iri support nat move mid
lvn move pru
mid move spa/nc
mos support ukr
mun support boh move tyr
naf move mid
nat move mid
pie support mar
rom move ven
rum move ukr
ser move tri
sev support rum move ukr
tyr move pie
ven move adr
vie support gal
war support ukr
wes support spa/nc
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bla support sev
boh move gal
bud support vie
bur move gas
con move bul
eng support mid
gal support rum move ukr
gas move spa/nc
iri support mid
kie move ber
mid support gas move spa
mar support gas move spa
mos support ukr
mun support boh
naf support wes
pie support ven move tyr
por support spa/nc
pru move sil
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
smy move con
spa/nc support por
tri support ven move tyr
tyr move vie
ukr support boh move gal
ven move tyr
vie support gal
war support boh move gal
wes support spa/nc
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army/dislodged tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
tyr move boh
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army lon
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bla support sev
boh support mun
bud move gal
bul support rum
bur move gas
eng convoy lon move bel
gal support boh
gas move spa/nc
ion move tys
iri support mid
lon move bel via convoy
mid support gas move spa
mar support gas move spa
mos support ukr
mun support boh
naf support wes
nat support mid
por support spa/nc
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
sil support gal
ukr support gal
war support gal
wes support spa/nc
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm support sev
bla support rum
boh move vie
bud move gal
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move bul
eng support mid
gal support boh move vie
gas support mar move spa
iri support mid
mid support mar move spa
mar move spa
mos support ukr
mun move tyr
naf support wes
nat support mid
pie support tyr
por support spa/nc
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
sil support gal
tri move vie
tyr support vie move boh
tys move gol
ukr support gal
vie move boh
war support gal
wes support spa/nc
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
