PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move sil
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move pic
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move fin
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move lvn
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur move mar
den move swe
fin move swe
lvn move war
mid move spa/sc
nth convoy yor move hol
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
pie move mar
rom move tus
ruh move hol
rum move sev
ser move bul
sil move war
tys move tun
ukr support rum move sev
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army sev
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move smy
bel support yor move hol
bla move bul/ec
bre move mid
bud support bul move ser
bul move ser
bur move mar
con support bla move bul
den move ska
edi move nrg
fin support nwy move swe
gre move aeg
kie move den
lvn move war
mar move gol
nap move tys
nth convoy yor move hol
nwy move swe
pie move mar
ruh move hol
rum support bla move bul
sev hold
sil move war
spa/sc move wes
tri support bud
tun move wes
tus move pie
ukr support sev
vie move gal
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ser move bul
bel hold
bud support gal move rum
bur move mun
con support bul/ec
den move kie
fin support swe
gal move rum
hol move kie
lvn support ukr move war
gol move mar
mid move por
nth move hol
nrg move nwy
pie move mar
ruh move kie
rum support bul/ec
ser move bul
sev move ukr
sil move mun
ska move nwy
spa/sc move wes
tri move ser
tun move wes
tus move pie
tys support tun move wes
ukr move war
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move sev
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
remove ukr
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move arm
bel move ruh
bud move rum
bul/ec support sev move rum
bur move mun
con move aeg
den support ska move swe
edi move nth
fin move bot
lvn move mos
gol support spa/sc move wes
mar move pie
nth move hel
nrg move nwy
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
ruh move kie
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move rum
sil move mun
ska move swe
smy hold
spa/sc move wes
swe support nrg move nwy
tri move alb
tus move pie
tys move wes
vie move gal
war support lvn move mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul/ec move bla
swe move bal
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul
alb move gre
arm support sev
bal move swe
bla move rum
bot support bal move swe
bud move rum
bur move mun
con support smy
den move kie
gal support bud move rum
hel support nth move den
hol move kie
kie move mun
lon move wal
gol move spa/sc
mid move bre
mar move pie
mos support war
nth move den
nwy move ska
pie move mar
ruh support bur move mun
ser support bul
sev support bla move rum
sil support kie move mun
smy support con
spa/sc move por
tus move tun via convoy
tys convoy tus move tun
war hold
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
den disband
swe move nwy
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
remove spa/sc
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
bla move rum
bot move stp/sc
bre move mid
bud move rum
bul support aeg move con
bur move mun
con move bul/ec
den support hel move kie
gal move boh
gre support bul
hel move kie
hol support hel move kie
mar move pie
mos support war
mun support kie
nap move tys
nwy move nth
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
ruh support bur move mun
ser support bud move rum
sev support bla move rum
sil support mun
ska move nth
smy support con
swe hold
tri move alb
tys move wes
wal move lon
war support mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
con move ank
kie move ber
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ion
ank move con
ber move kie
bla support ank move con
boh support mun
bud support ser move rum
bul support con
bur move gas
den move nth
hol support kie
lon move wal
mid support wes move spa
mos support war
mun support ber move kie
nwy move swe
pie move mar
ruh move bur
ser move rum
sev move rum
sil support mun
ska move nwy
smy support ank move con
spa/sc move por
swe support ska move nwy
tun hold
tus move pie
tys move tun
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Austria: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Germany: fleet/dislodged nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move aeg
nwy move nrg
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
remove nrg
remove sil
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul
ber support boh move sil
bla move rum
boh move sil
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur move par
con move bul/ec
edi move den via convoy
gas move spa
gre move bul
hol support kie
ion move tun
lon move eng
mid support spa/sc move por
mar support gas move spa
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nth convoy edi move den
nwy move nrg
pie move mar
por support gas move spa
rum move ukr
sev support bla move rum
smy support con
spa/sc move por
stp/sc move bot
swe move bal
tun hold
tus move pie
tys support ion move tun
wal move yor
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
France: fleet/dislodged tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
tun move wes
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
bal move ber
bla move bul/ec
bot move lvn
bud move vie
bul move con
bur move mar
con support bla move bul
den move kie
eng move bre
gal move vie
gre move bul
hol move ruh
kie move hel
mid move spa/nc
mos move war
nth convoy yor move hol
nrg move nat
pie support bur move mar
por support mid move spa
rum move bud
sev move rum
sil support ber
smy support con
tun support tys move wes
tus move pie
tys move wes
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
France: fleet/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
bul move ser
mar move gol
spa move gas
wes move naf
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army lon
remove gol
build Army mun
remove naf
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank support con
bal support kie move ber
ber support mun
bre hold
bud move vie
bul/ec support sev move rum
con support bul/ec
gal move war
gas move bur
gre move bul
hel support kie
hol support kie
kie move ber
lvn move pru
mar move bur
mun support ber
nat move mid
nth move eng
par support gas move bur
pie move tyr
por support wes move mid
ruh move bur
rum move bud
ser support gre move bul
sev move rum
sil support mun
smy support con
spa/nc support wes move mid
tun move ion
tus move pie
war move mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul/ec move bla
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul
ank move arm
bal support pru move ber
ber support mun
bla move sev
bre hold
bud support ser move rum
bul support ser move rum
bur move bel
con move bul/ec
eng convoy lon move bel
hel support kie
hol support lon move bel
ion move eas
kie support ruh move mun
lon move bel via convoy
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun support mar move bur
nat hold
par hold
por support mid
pru move ber
ruh move mun
rum support con move bul
sil support ber
smy move con
spa/nc support mid
tyr move boh
vie move gal
war hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bur
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
remove mar
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
arm support rum move sev
bal support pru move ber
bel move bur
ber support tyr move mun
bla move bul/ec
boh support tyr move mun
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
con move aeg
eas move smy
eng convoy lon move pic
gal support bud move rum
hel support kie
hol move ruh
kie support mun
lon move pic via convoy
lvp move iri
mos support war
nat hold
par hold
pie move mar
por move spa/nc
pru move ber
rum move sev
ser support bul
sil support tyr move mun
smy hold
spa/nc move gas
tyr move mun
war hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
arm support smy
bal support ber
ber support kie
bla move bul/ec
boh support mun
bul move con
bur move par
con support bla move bul
eas move smy
eng support bre
gal support rum
gas support mid move bre
hel move kie
kie move mun
mid move bre
mar move bur
mos support war
nat hold
par hold
pic support bur move par
ruh support kie move mun
rum support mos move sev
ser move bul
sev move rum
sil support mun
spa/nc move mid
war hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move ank
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
remove bla
build Army lon
build Army stp
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
bal support ber
ber support kie
boh support mun
bur move bel
con move smy
eas support con move smy
eng convoy lon move bel
gal move ukr
gas move bre
hel move nth
lon move bel via convoy
mid support gas move bre
mos support war
nat hold
par support bre
pic support bre
ruh support lon move bel
rum support gal move ukr
ser move bul
sil support mun
spa/nc support mid
stp move lvn
tri move alb
vie move gal
war hold
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
smy move arm
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ion
bal support kie
bel support pic move bur
ber support kie
boh support mun
bur move par
con support smy move ank
eas move smy
eng move mid
gal move sil
gas move bre
iri support eng move mid
lvn support war
mid support gas move bre
mos support war
mun hold
nat support eng move mid
nth move eng
par support bre
pic move bur
ruh support pic move bur
rum move sev
sil move pru
smy move ank
spa/nc support mid
ukr support rum move sev
war hold
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: army/dislodged bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet/dislodged mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank disband
bur move mar
mid move por
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army bud
build Fleet rom
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bal move bot
bel move hol
ber move pru
boh support mun
bre support par move gas
bud move gal
bul move rum
bur support par move gas
con move aeg
eng support iri move mid
ion move tun
iri move mid
kie move ber
lvn support ber move pru
mid move wes
mar support gas
mos support war move ukr
nat support iri move mid
par move gas
por move mid
pru move war
rom move tys
ruh move mun
sev support ukr move mos
sil support mun
smy move eas
spa/nc support gas
tri move ven
ukr move mos
vie move tyr
war move ukr
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move stp
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
boh support mun
bot move stp/sc
bre support par move gas
bur support par move gas
eas move ion
eng move mid
gal support war
hol move kie
lvn support ukr move war
mid move spa/nc
mar support gas
mos support war
nat move nrg
par move gas
por support spa/nc
pru support ber
ruh support hol move kie
rum move ukr
sev support mos
sil support mun
spa/nc support gas
stp move fin
tun support tys move wes
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ukr move war
ven move pie
war support mos
wes support mid move spa
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
wes move gol
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove fin
build Army lon
remove lvn
build Army lvp
remove pru
build Fleet rom
build Fleet tri
remove ukr
build Army vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
boh support mun
bre move mid
bur support gol move mar
eng support bre move mid
gal move sil
gas support gol move mar
gre move ion
ion move tys
kie support ber
lvp move edi
gol move mar
mid move naf
mos move lvn
nrg hold
pie support mar
por support wes move spa
rom move tus
ruh support kie
rum move gal
sev move mos
sil move ber
spa/nc move gas
tri move adr
tun move naf
tyr support mun
war move pru
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
boh support mun
bre move mid
bur support gas move mar
edi move nwy via convoy
eng convoy lon move pic
gal move sil
gas move mar
ion move nap
kie support ber
lon move pic via convoy
lvn support mos move stp
gol move spa/sc
mid support gol move spa
mar support spa/nc
mos move stp
mun support sil move ber
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pie support mar
por support spa/nc
pru support sil move ber
ruh support kie
rum move ukr
sev move mos
sil move ber
spa/nc hold
tus move gol
tyr support mun
tys move rom
wes support tus move gol
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet/dislodged gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Austria: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet/dislodged stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
