PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move nap
sev move rum
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bot move swe
bud move vie
bul hold
con move aeg
edi move yor
hol hold
ion convoy nap move gre
kie move den
mid move por
mar move spa
nap move gre
nth move den
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
sil move gal
smy move con
tyr move tri
ukr support rum
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg hold
ber move mun
bud move tri
bul support con move gre
con move gre via convoy
gal support ukr move rum
hol hold
ion convoy nap move tun
kie move den
lon support nth
mar move gol
mun move tyr
nap move tun
nth move den
nwy move ska
par move bur
por move mid
rum move bla
sev move arm
smy move con
spa move mar
stp hold
swe support nth move den
tri hold
ukr move rum
vie support bud move tri
yor hold
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Germany: army/dislodged tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
tri move alb
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Germany: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support ion move gre
alb move tri
arm move ank
bla support arm move ank
bul hold
con move ank
den hold
gal move sil
gre hold
hol hold
ion move gre
kie hold
lon support ska move nth
gol move tys
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun move boh
ser support gre
ska move nth
smy move con
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri hold
tun hold
tyr support alb move tri
ven support tri
vie support tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Germany: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army bud
remove hol
build Army rom
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Germany: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move tri
bel move hol
bla support rum move bul
boh move vie
bre move pic
bud move vie
bul hold
bur move ruh
con hold
gre move bul/sc
ion convoy tun move nap
kie hold
lon move nth
nth move hel
nwy move fin
rom support tun move nap
rum move bul
ser support gre move bul
sil move ber
smy hold
tri support vie move tyr
tun move nap
tyr support alb move tri
tys move tun
ven move pie
vie move tyr
war move pru
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Germany: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank support bla move con
ber support hel move kie
bla move con
bud move vie
bul hold
con hold
den support hel move kie
fin move swe
gre support ser move bul
hel move kie
ion move adr
nap support rom
nth move nwy
pic move bel
pie move tus
pru support ber
rom support ven
ruh move mun
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
smy hold
swe move bal
tri support vie move tyr
tun support wes move tys
ven support alb move tri
vie move tyr
wes move tys
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Germany: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army/dislodged tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Germany: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove alb
remove boh
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
remove nap
build Army par
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
ank move con
bal support swe
bel move hol
ber move mun
bre move pic
bud support tri
bul move ser
con move aeg
den move hel
edi move nrg
gre move ion
hol move ruh
kie move hol
lon move eng
mar move gol
nwy move nth
par move bur
pru move ber
rom move ven
smy hold
tri hold
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr support ber move mun
tys move nap
ven move tri
vie support tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
mun move boh
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg support con move smy
bal convoy swe move pru
bel support ruh move hol
ber support mun
boh move gal
bud move tri
bur support bel
con move smy
eng support nth move bel
gre move alb
hel support kie move hol
kie move hol
gol support tus
nap support tun move ion
nth move bel
nrg move nth
pic move bre
ruh move hol
ser support bud move tri
sil support mun
smy hold
swe move pru
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr support tri move ven
ven support rom
vie move boh
yor move lon
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
smy disband
ven move pie
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army bud
build Army lvp
remove gol
build Army mos
remove pie
build Army sev
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy move eas
alb move gre
boh move vie
bud support boh move vie
eng move mid
hel move hol
hol move bel
lon hold
mos support pru move war
nth move eng
nrg move nth
pru move war
rom support tus move ven
rum support sev move ukr
ser move alb
sev move ukr
sil support mun
smy move eas
tri move ven
tyr move pie
ven move apu
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move ion
alb move gre
apu move rom
bal move lvn
ber move mun
eas support gre move ion
eng convoy lon move pic
gre move ion
hel support hol
hol support nth move bel
lon move pic via convoy
lvp move yor
mid move por
mun move bur
nth move bel
pie move mar
rom move ven
rum support ukr move gal
sil support ber move mun
ukr move gal
ven support apu move rom
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army/dislodged gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet/dislodged ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
gal disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel support eng
ber support mun
bud move ser
edi move nth
eng convoy lon move pic
gal support rum
gre move nap via convoy
hel move kie
ion convoy gre move nap
lon move pic via convoy
mar hold
mos move ukr
mun support ber
pic move par
por move spa/sc
rom support gre move nap
rum support gal
sil support mun
tri move adr
ven move tus
vie move tri
war support gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
France: fleet/dislodged nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nap move tys
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg hold
ber support mun
eas hold
eng support pic move bre
gal hold
hol move hel
ion move tun
lon move hol via convoy
lvn hold
mar hold
mun support ber
nth convoy lon move hol
par move bur
pic move bre
rum hold
ser hold
sil support mun
stp/nc hold
tri hold
ukr hold
ven hold
war hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: army bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove bur
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
remove mid
remove ruh
remove tus
remove tys
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move ser
gal support rum
ion move gre
nap move rom
rom move tus
ser move bul
sil support war
tri move vie
tun move ion
ukr support rum
ven move pie
vie move bud
war support gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
