PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move pic
sev move bla
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla convoy rum move arm
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul move gre
con move bul/ec
hol support ruh move bel
kie move den
mid move por
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg support yor move nwy
pic move bur
pie move mar
rom move tun via convoy
ruh move bel
rum move arm via convoy
smy move ank
spa hold
stp move nwy
tys convoy rom move tun
ukr move rum
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move arm
arm move ank
bel hold
ber move mun
bla support arm move ank
bre move gas
bud support ser
bur move mar
con support bul
den support swe
edi move nrg
hol move nth
kie move hel
mar hold
mun move tyr
nap move ion
nth move hel
nrg move bar
por move mid
rom move tus
rum move bul
ser support alb move gre
sev move rum
smy support con
spa support bur move mar
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tys move gol
war move ukr
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: army/dislodged mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: army/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mar move pie
nwy move fin
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bar move stp/nc
bel hold
bla support rum move bul
bud move ser
con support bul
den support swe
fin support nrg move nwy
gas move mid
gre support rum move bul
hol support kie move hel
ion move eas
kie move hel
gol support pie move mar
mid move eng
mun move boh
nth move hel
nrg move nwy
nwy hold
pie move mar
rum move bul
ser move tri
sev move rum
smy support con
spa support mar
swe support nwy
tun move naf
tus move tys
tyr move ven
ukr move mos
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army mun
remove naf
build Army par
remove tys
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
bel hold
bla move con
boh support mun move tyr
bud move rum
bul support bla move con
den hold
eas support ank move smy
eng move lon
fin support nrg move nwy
gre support ser move bul
hel support hol move nth
hol move nth
gol move wes
mid move iri
mos move stp
mun move tyr
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy support mos move stp
par move pic
pie move ven
rum support bul
ser move bul
smy move aeg
spa support mar
stp/nc support nrg move nwy
swe move ska
tri support pie move ven
ven hold
vie move tyr
war move lvn
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Germany: army/dislodged ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nth move edi
nwy move swe
ven move rom
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank support eas move smy
bel hold
bla support rum
boh move tyr
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
con move bul/sc
den support swe
eas move smy
gre support bul
hel move hol
iri move lvp
lon hold
lvn support mos move stp
mar move bur
mos move stp
nth support ska move nwy
pic support bel
rom support tyr move ven
rum support con move bul
ska move nwy
spa move tun via convoy
swe move fin
tri move ser
tyr move ven
ven hold
vie move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy disband
stp/nc disband
ven move apu
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Fleet bre
remove fin
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Fleet tri
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
apu move rom
bel hold
bla move arm
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur support nth move bel
den hold
gal support bud move rum
gre move aeg
hol move nth
lon move yor
lvn move war
lvp move cly
mar move gol
mun move sil
nth move ska
nwy support swe
pic support bur
rom support ven
rum move ukr
ser support bud move rum
smy move aeg
spa move mar
stp move mos
swe support nwy
tyr move boh
tys support apu move rom
ven support rom
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
ank support bul move con
apu move rom
arm move bla
bel hold
boh move sil
bul move con
bur move bel
cly move edi
den move swe
edi move nrg
eng move lon
gal move ukr
lvn move pru
gol move wes
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun move ber
nth move nwy
nwy support swe
pic support bur move bel
rom support ven
rum move sev
ser move rum
ska support nth move nwy
smy move eas
swe support nwy
tri move adr
tys support apu move rom
ukr move gal
ven support rom
war support ukr move gal
yor support cly move edi
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
bel move ruh
con move smy
gal move vie
nwy move stp/nc
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army bud
remove eas
remove gal
build Fleet mar
remove mos
remove nrg
build Army par
remove pru
remove stp/nc
remove swe
build Fleet tri
remove war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank support con move smy
apu move rom
bel support bur move ruh
ber move kie
bud move gal
bur move ruh
con move smy
den move swe
edi move nrg
gre move aeg
lon support yor move nth
mar move gol
mos move ukr
nwy support den move swe
par move bur
pic support par move bur
pru support war move sil
rom support ven
ruh support sil move mun
rum move sev
ser move tri
sil move mun
ska support den move swe
stp/nc support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move adr
tys support apu move rom
ven support rom
vie support bud move gal
war move sil
wes support mar move gol
yor move nth
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Germany: fleet/dislodged nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
France: army ruh
Germany: army/dislodged ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move bar
ruh move hol
smy move syr
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move ion
ank move arm
apu move rom
bar move nwy
bel move hol
bur support ruh move mun
gal move war
hol move kie
ion move tun
kie move ber
lon move nth
gol move tus
mun support kie move ber
nth move hel
nrg support lon move nth
nwy support stp/nc
pic move bel
pru move ber
rom support ven
ruh move mun
sev move rum
sil support pru move ber
ska support bar move nwy
smy hold
stp/nc support nwy
swe support bar move nwy
syr move smy
tri move ven
tys support apu move rom
ukr move war
ven support rom
vie move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Germany: army/dislodged rom
Germany: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Germany: army/dislodged ven
Germany: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move boh
nwy disband
rom move nap
ven move tyr
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Germany: army nap
Germany: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove boh
build Army bud
build Fleet mar
build Army sev
remove syr
build Army tri
remove tyr
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Germany: army nap
Germany: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bel move hol
ber move kie
bud move gal
bur move ruh
gal move war
hel support bel move hol
hol move kie
ion move tun
kie move den
mar move gol
mun support bur move ruh
nth support stp/nc move nwy
nrg support nth
nwy hold
pic move bel
rom support tys move nap
rum support arm move sev
sev move rum
sil move war
ska support nwy
smy move con
stp/nc move nwy
swe move fin
tri move tyr
tus support mar move gol
tys move nap
ukr support sev move rum
ven support tri move tyr
vie move boh
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Germany: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move ser
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Germany: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move nap
bel move hol
ber move sil
boh support tyr move mun
bud support ser move rum
con move bul
gal move ukr
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
ion support apu move nap
gol move tys
mun support sil move boh
nap move tys
nth support stp/nc move nwy
nrg support nth
rom move nap
ruh support mun
rum move bul
sev support ser move rum
sil move war
stp/nc move nwy
tus support gol move tys
tyr move mun
ukr move sev
ven move rom
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Germany: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Germany: fleet/dislodged nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army par
build Army tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
boh support tyr move mun
bre move mid
bud support ser move rum
con move bul
den move swe
gal support ser move rum
hel convoy hol move den
hol move den via convoy
ion support nap
kie support hol move den
mar move pie
mos support rum move sev
mun support sil move boh
nap support ven move rom
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy move ska
par move bur
rom hold
ruh support mun
rum move sev
ser move rum
sev move mos
sil support war move gal
ska support den move swe
tri move ven
tun support tys move ion
tus support rom
tyr move mun
tys move ion
ukr support war move gal
ven move rom
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Austria: army/dislodged sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move vie
nwy disband
sev move arm
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy bul move apu
arm move sev
boh support vie move gal
bud support vie move gal
bul move apu via convoy
bur move gas
den support nwy move swe
gal move vie
hel move nth
ion convoy bul move apu
kie support den
mid move wes
mos support sev
mun support sil move boh
nap support ion
nth move ska
nwy move swe
pie move ven
rom hold
ruh support mun
rum support arm move sev
sev support ukr move rum
sil move boh
ska move nwy
swe support ska move nwy
tri support bud
tun support tys
tus move rom
tyr support boh
tys support tus move rom
ukr move rum
ven move pie
vie move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
France: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army/dislodged swe
France: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move war
swe move fin
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bre
remove fin
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
apu support ven move rom
boh move mun
bre move pic
bud move vie
den move swe
gal support boh
gas move mar
ion support nap
kie support mun
mar move gol
mos move stp
mun support sil move boh
nap support ven move rom
nth support ska move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
par move bur
pie move ven
rom move nap
ruh support mun
sev hold
sil move mun
ska move nwy
swe move bot
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr support tri move ven
tys support rom move nap
ukr move war
ven move rom
war move pru
wes support tys
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
Germany: fleet/dislodged nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move bar
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bar move stp/nc
boh support sil move mun
bot convoy swe move stp
bur support mun
gal support boh
ion support apu move nap
kie move ber
gol support pie move tus
mar move pie
mos support bar move stp
mun support kie move ber
nap move ion
nth hold
nwy support swe move stp
pic move bel
pie move tus
pru move ber
rom support apu move nap
ruh support mun
sev move ukr
sil support pru move ber
swe move stp via convoy
tun support nap move ion
tyr support ven
tys support nap move ion
ven support rom
vie support tyr
war move pru
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Austria: fleet/dislodged ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move gre
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bar
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move nap
arm move smy
bel move nwy via convoy
boh support sil
bot move stp/sc
bur support mun
gal support boh
gre support aeg move ion
ion move adr
kie move ber
gol move tys
mid move wes
mos move stp
mun support kie move ber
nth convoy bel move nwy
nwy move swe
pie support tus move ven
pru move ber
rom support apu move nap
ruh support mun
rum move bud
sil support pru move ber
swe move fin
tri move adr
tun support tys move ion
tus move ven
tyr support ven
tys move ion
ukr move war
ven support rom
vie support tyr
war move pru
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
boh support sil
bot move lvn
bud hold
bur support mun
fin support nwy move stp
gal support sil
gre support aeg move ion
ion move nap
kie move ber
gol hold
mos move stp
mun support kie move ber
nap support rom
nth hold
nwy move stp
pie move ven
pru move ber
rom support nap
ruh support mun
sil support pru move ber
smy move con
swe move bal
tri move alb
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr move ven
tys support tus move rom
ukr move war
ven move apu
vie move tyr
war move lvn
wes hold
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet/dislodged ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
Russia: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move adr
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
