PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move pru
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun hold
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move fin
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move gal
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move tun via convoy
bla move rum
bre move mid
bul support bla move rum
con support bul
den move nth
edi move nwy via convoy
gal support pru move war
ion convoy apu move tun
lon move eng
mun move boh
nth convoy edi move nwy
pic move bel
pru move war
ser support alb move gre
spa move por
ven hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bel move ruh
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul support rum
con support bul
edi move nrg
eng move nth
gal support vie move boh
gre move bul/sc
ion move eas
mid support bre move eng
nap move ion
nth move nwy
nwy move swe
par move pic
por move spa
ser support bud move rum
smy move arm
tun hold
ven move tyr
vie move boh
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army/dislodged boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
arm move smy
bla support bul
boh move sil
bul support con
con support bul
eas move aeg
eng convoy pic move lon
gal support rum
gre support ser move bul
ion convoy tun move alb
mid support eng
nth move lon
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
pic move lon via convoy
ruh move kie
rum support sev
ser move bul
swe move den
tun move alb via convoy
tyr move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army par
build Army ven
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion move gre
alb move ser
bla move rum
bre support eng
bul support bla move rum
con support bul
eng convoy spa move wal
gal move vie
gre move alb
ion move gre
kie support den
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mid convoy spa move wal
nth support lon move eng
par move bur
pic move bel
rum move bud
ser support gre move alb
sil move mun
smy move arm
spa move wal via convoy
stp/nc move nwy
swe support nwy move den
tri support alb move ser
ven move tyr
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support bud move tri
arm move sev
bel move hol
bre move eng
bud move tri
bur move mun
con move smy
eng move lon
gre move alb
iri move lvp
kie support bur move mun
lon hold
mid move iri
mun hold
nth support lon
nwy move nrg
rum support arm move sev
ser support tri
stp/nc move nwy
swe move fin
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
vie support bud move tri
wal support eng move lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Austria: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
mun move boh
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ank
remove boh
build Army con
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bre move eng
eng move wal
fin move stp
gre move alb
iri support wal move lvp
kie support den
lon support nth move eng
lvp move cly
mar move gol
nap move tys
nth move eng
nrg move nat
nwy move ska
par move bur
ser support tri move bud
tri move bud
tyr move vie
ven move pie
wal move lvp
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ion
ank move arm
bre move eng
bud support tyr move vie
bul move rum
bur move mar
cly move lvp
con move bul
eng move iri
hol move bel
ion move tys
iri support bre move eng
kie move ber
lon move wal
lvp move edi
nat support cly move lvp
pie hold
rum move bla
ser move alb
sev move mos
ska move nth
smy move con
stp move mos
tyr move vie
tys move wes
wal support bre move eng
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
eng move mid
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army par
build Fleet rom
remove stp
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ser
arm move sev
bel move wal via convoy
ber move sil
bre move mid
bud hold
bul move rum
con move bul
edi support wal move lvp
eng convoy bel move wal
ion move tun
iri support wal move lvp
lon move wal
lvp hold
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
mun move tyr
nat support lvp
nth move hel
par move bur
pie move mar
rom move tus
rum move gal
sev move mos
tys move gol
ven move tyr
vie move boh
wal move lvp
wes support tys move gol
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: fleet/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
lvp move cly
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move hol
boh move mun
bud hold
bur support mar
cly move nrg
edi support lvp
eng support iri move wal
gal move war
hel move kie
iri move wal
lon hold
gol support wes move spa
mid support spa/sc move por
mos support gal move war
mun move kie
nat move mid
pie move mar
por support wes move spa
rum support sev move ukr
ser hold
sev move ukr
sil move mun
spa/sc move por
tun move naf
tus move tys
ven move tyr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Russia: army/dislodged ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Army ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
boh move mun
bud hold
bur support mar
eng move nth
hel support lon move nth
hol move kie
lon move nth
lvp move nat
gol support pie move mar
mid move spa/sc
mun support sil
naf support por move mid
nat move cly
nrg support nat move cly
pie move mar
por move mid
ser hold
sil support mun
spa/sc support pie move mar
tyr support boh move mun
tys move wes
ven move pie
wal move lon
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move iri
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move sev via convoy
bla convoy ank move sev
boh support tyr move mun
bud hold
bul move rum
bur support mar
cly move edi
con move bul
edi hold
eng move bre
hel support nth move den
iri move lvp
kie support den
gol support pie move mar
mid hold
mos move lvn
mun support sil
naf support mid
nat move nrg
nrg support cly move edi
pie move mar
rum move gal
ser hold
sil support mun
spa/sc support pie move mar
tyr move mun
ukr move mos
ven move pie
war move sil
wes support mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move gas
mun move ruh
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove edi
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh support mun
bre move mid
bud hold
bur support gas
cly move edi
gal support war move sil
gas support bur
kie move mun
lon move nth
lvn move pru
lvp move nat
gol support mar
mid move eng
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun hold
naf move mid
nat move nrg
nth support cly move edi
nrg support cly move edi
pie move mar
rom move tus
ruh support kie move mun
ser hold
sev move mos
sil support kie move mun
spa/sc support naf move mid
ven move tri
war move sil
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
France: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
sil move ber
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support kie
boh support mun
bre move mid
bud hold
bur move bel
gas move spa
kie support ber
lon move nth
lvp move cly
gol support mid move spa
mid move spa/nc
mar hold
mos move stp
mun support pru move ber
nat move nrg
pie support mar
pru move ber
ruh move mun
ser hold
spa/sc move mid
stp move fin
tri move alb
tus move ven
wes support spa/sc move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove cly
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move arm
ber support kie
bla move con
boh support mun
bre move eng
bud support ser
edi move cly
eng move lon
fin move swe
gas move spa
kie support ber
lon move nth
gol convoy pie move spa
mid move bre
mar support pie move spa
mun move kie
nat move nrg
nth support eng move lon
nrg move bar
pie move spa via convoy
pru move ber
ruh move mun
ser support bud
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc move wes
stp move nwy
ven move tyr
wes move naf
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
France: fleet/dislodged lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
lon move wal
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Turkey: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bar move nwy
ber support sil
boh support mun
bre hold
bud support ser
bul support rum
cly move lvp
con move bla
eng move lon
gal support rum
gas move bre
gre support ser
kie support den
lon hold
gol move spa/sc
mar support spa move gas
mun support boh
naf move mid
nth support lon
nrg move edi
nwy support swe
ruh support kie
rum support bul
ser support bud
sil support ber
spa move gas
swe support nwy
tyr move vie
wal support eng move lon
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
France: army/dislodged gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gas move par
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bar
remove bel
build Army con
remove edi
build Army smy
build Army ven
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh support mun
bre support mid move eng
bud support ser
gas move par
gre support ser
mid move eng
mar move bur
mun support mar move bur
ser support bud
spa/sc move mid
ven move tyr
vie support bud
wes support spa/sc move mid
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
