PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla move con
bot move swe
bud move vie
bul move gre
bur move mar
con move bul
den move swe
eng move lon
gal move vie
ion move tun
kie move hol
nth move lon
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pie hold
ruh move bel
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
stp move nwy
ven move tyr
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bre
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army tri
build Fleet ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
ber move pru
bla move sev
bot move swe
bre move lon
bud support ser move rum
bul hold
con support bul
den move swe
eng convoy bre move lon
gal move bud
gre move bul/sc
hol move kie
kie move bal
mun move sil
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg convoy edi move nwy
nwy hold
pie hold
rum move sev
ser move rum
sev move rum
spa move por
stp/sc move fin
tri move ser
tun move ion
tyr move ven
ven move adr
vie move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
bal convoy kie move lvn
bla move con
bot move bal
bud support vie move gal
bul support bla move con
con move smy
den move swe
edi move yor
eng support lon
fin move bot
gal move war
gre move bul/sc
ion move eas
kie move lvn
lon hold
mar hold
nth move lon
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
pie hold
por hold
pru move war
ruh hold
ser support tri
sev move ukr
sil support pru move war
ven hold
vie move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
gal move boh
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army kie
remove nth
remove rum
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bal move swe
boh move mun
bot move bal
bud move rum
den move ska
eas support ion move aeg
fin move stp/sc
gal support bud move rum
gre support ser move bul
ion move aeg
kie move den
lvn support war move mos
nrg move bar
nwy hold
pie hold
ruh move mun
ser move bul
sil move war
tri move vie
ukr move war
ven hold
war move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
bal move ber
bar hold
boh move mun
bul move con
den support swe
eas move smy
eng move iri
gal move ukr
gre support bul
lon hold
lvn move stp
mar hold
mos support lvn move stp
nwy hold
por hold
ruh move mun
rum support gal move ukr
sil move mun
ska move nwy
stp/sc hold
swe support ska move nwy
ukr move war
vie move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet/dislodged stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
smy move ank
stp/sc move fin
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
remove fin
build Army kie
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank support con
bar move nrg
boh move mun
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul support aeg move con
con support ank
den hold
iri move lvp
kie move ber
lon move yor
mos support sil move war
mun support kie move ber
nap move tys
nwy move nth
par move bre
pie hold
por move spa
ruh hold
rum move sev
sil move war
smy support aeg move con
stp support mos
swe move bal
ukr support rum move sev
ven hold
vie support bud move gal
yor move lvp
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
con move bla
war move lvn
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move smy
bal support kie move ber
bla move rum
boh move mun
bre move gas
con hold
den move nwy
gal move war
iri move lvp
kie move ber
lon move yor
lvn move mos
mos support war
mun move sil
nth convoy den move nwy
nrg move edi
pie hold
ruh move mun
sev move mos
smy support con
stp support mos
tys move wes
ukr support gal move war
ven hold
war support mos
yor move lvp
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: fleet/dislodged ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ber move pru
war move pru
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove boh
build Army bud
build Army kie
remove lvn
build Army mun
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
bal convoy kie move lvn
ber move pru
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
con move bla
eng move mid
gas move spa
iri move lvp
kie move lvn
lon move yor
mos support sil move war
mun move boh
nth support lon move yor
nwy move swe
ruh move mun
sev support ukr move mos
sil move war
smy move con
spa move naf
stp support mos
ukr move mos
vie move boh
war support ukr move mos
yor move lvp
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: army yor
England: army/dislodged yor
ORDERS
yor move wal
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
ank move smy
bal convoy swe move pru
bla support smy move con
iri move lvp
lvn support pru move war
mos support pru move war
mun move boh
nth support yor move edi
pru move war
ruh move mun
sev move mos
sil support mun move boh
smy move con
spa move naf
stp support mos
swe move pru
ukr support war
wal move lvp
war move lvn
yor move lon
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army bud
build Army kie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bal move den
bla move ank
boh move vie
bul move ser
con support bla move ank
edi move nth
gas move spa
iri move lvp
kie move ruh
lon hold
lvn support stp move mos
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nth move edi
pru move sil
rum move gal
sil move gal
smy support ank move con
spa move naf
stp move mos
wal move lvp
war support mos move ukr
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Italy: fleet/dislodged con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
con move bla
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank support bla move con
bla move con
boh support tyr move vie
con support smy
den move nth
edi move nth
gas move spa
iri move lvp
lvn move pru
mos support ukr move sev
nth move nrg
pie support ven
pru move sil
ruh hold
sil move mun
smy support con
spa move naf
tyr move vie
tys move ion
ukr move sev
ven hold
wal move lvp
war move ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Austria: army/dislodged sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
vie move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank support bla move con
ber move mun
bla move con
boh support vie
bud support gal move vie
con support smy
den move nth
edi move nrg
gal move vie
gre move bul/sc
ion move aeg
kie move hol
mos move sev
mun move bur
nrg support den move nth
pru move war
ruh move bel
ser support rum
sev move rum
sil move gal
smy support con
tri support gal move vie
ukr support sev move rum
vie support sil move gal
wal move lvp
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Germany: army/dislodged vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
vie move tyr
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bla move con
ank support bla move con
bel move pic
bla move con
boh support gal move vie
bud support vie
bur move par
con support smy
edi move nth
gal move vie
gas move par
hol move bel
iri move lvp
lon move yor
mos move sev
mun move bur
nth support nrg move edi
nrg move edi
pie support ven
ser support rum
sev move rum
smy support con
spa move naf
tri support vie
tyr support gal move vie
ukr support sev move rum
ven hold
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
edi move cly
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
remove cly
remove lvp
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank move bla
bel move eng
boh support gal move vie
bud support vie
bur support pic move par
con support aeg move smy
edi hold
gal move vie
gas move par
iri support yor move lvp
lvp hold
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun support bur
nap move tys
nth support bel move eng
pic move par
ser support rum
sev move arm
smy move arm
spa move naf
tri support vie
tyr support gal move vie
ukr support mos move sev
ven hold
war move gal
yor move lvp
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: army/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
lvp disband
smy move ank
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
bla move ank
boh support tyr move vie
bud move gal
bur move par
con support bla move ank
edi hold
eng move bre
gal move rum
gas move par
iri move eng
mid move bre
mos support sev
mun move ruh
nth move lon
pic support bur move par
pie support ven
ser support rum
sev support gal move rum
spa move gas
tri support vie
tyr move vie
tys move wes
ukr support gal move rum
ven hold
war move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army/dislodged ank
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army ber
remove iri
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
ber move mun
boh support tyr move vie
con move bla
edi move yor
eng support pic move bre
gas move par
kie move hol
lon move wal
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun move bur
nap move tys
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
pie hold
ruh support mun move bur
rum support war move gal
sev move arm
smy move con
tyr move vie
ukr support rum
ven support tri move tyr
war move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
bla move rum
boh support vie
bre support bur move gas
bur move gas
con move bla
eng support wal move iri
gal move bud
gas move bre
hol move nth
mid support gas move bre
mar move gas
mos hold
mun move bur
par support bre
pie support mar
ruh support mun move bur
rum support gal move bud
sev support rum
tys move gol
ukr support rum
ven support tri
vie support gal move bud
wal move iri
wes hold
yor move edi
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
