PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move nap
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bot move swe
bul hold
den move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move bud
ion convoy nap move gre
kie move hol
mid move por
nap move gre via convoy
nth move bel
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic move bel
rum support ukr move sev
ser move bud
ukr move sev
vie move bud
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet rom
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
ber move kie
bla support arm move sev
bot move stp/sc
bud support vie move gal
bul move rum
con support bla
den move ska
gal support rum
gre move tun via convoy
ion convoy gre move tun
kie move den
lon move eng
nth move hel
nrg move edi
nwy hold
rom move tys
ruh move mun
rum hold
ser support bul move rum
sev move arm
ukr move sev
ven move pie
vie move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal disband
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla move sev
bud move gal
con move aeg
den support ska move swe
gal move ukr
hol support kie
ion move tys
kie support hol
mun move bur
pic move bel
pie move mar
rum support gal move ukr
sev move mos
ska move swe
spa move mar
tys move gol
ukr move war
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet ber
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ser move gre
ank move arm
bel move pic
ber move bal
bur support mar
con move bul
den support kie move hel
gal move bud
hol move kie
kie move hel
gol support pie move mar
mos support ukr move war
par move gas
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
rum move sev
sev move bla
smy move eas
spa move por
stp/sc hold
swe move bot
tri move adr
tys move wes
ukr move war
ven move pie
war move mos
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet/dislodged hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
war move lvn
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support bud move tri
aeg support eas move ion
arm move sev
bal convoy kie move fin
bla move rum
bot convoy kie move fin
bre move mid
bud move tri
bul support ser move gre
bur move mun
den move ska
eas move ion
gas support mar
hel move nth
kie move fin via convoy
lvn move fin via convoy
gol support pie move mar
mar hold
mos support war
pic hold
pie move mar
por support spa
ser move gre
sev move ukr
stp/sc hold
tun move naf
ven move tyr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove naf
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy tri move apu
aeg support ion
bal move lvn
bot support fin move stp
bud move ser
bul hold
fin move stp
gas support mar
gre move nap via convoy
ion convoy gre move tun
gol move mar
mid move naf
mar support spa
mos move war
nth support ska move nwy
pic move bur
pie support tyr move ven
por support spa
rum move bla
sev move rum
ska move nwy
spa support mar
tri move apu via convoy
tyr move ven
ukr support mos move war
vie move tri
war move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army/dislodged nwy
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg support ion
apu support tri move ven
bla move con
bot move stp/sc
bul support rum
bur support mar
gal move bud
gas support spa
gre hold
ion support aeg
gol move wes
mar support spa
mun move sil
naf move wes
nth move lon
pie move ven
por move mid
rum support bul
ser move bud
spa support mar
stp move mos
tri move ven
tys move tun
ukr move mos
ven move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
remove gol
build Army smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move ion
apu support ven
ber move sil
bot move bal
bul support rum
con move aeg
gal move vie
gas move par
gre support ser
ion move tys
kie move ber
lon move yor
mid move spa/sc
mar support mid move spa
mun support ber move sil
naf move wes
nwy move nrg
pie move tus
rum support bul
ser support gre
smy move con
stp move mos
tun move tys
tyr move vie
ukr move mos
war support ukr move mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move rom
bal support lvn
ber move pru
bul move rum
con move aeg
gal move vie
gre support ser
ion move tys
mid move wes
mar move gol
mun hold
nrg move edi
rum move ukr
ser support gre
sil support ber move pru
smy move con
spa move mar
tri support ven
tus move rom
tyr move vie
ven support apu move rom
wes move tys
yor support nrg move edi
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
remove tun
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal convoy kie move lvn
ber move sil
con move aeg
edi move cly
gal move vie
ion move tun
kie move lvn via convoy
lvn move bot
gol support mar move pie
mid move naf
mar move pie
mos support war
mun support sil move boh
par move gas
pru support ber move sil
rom move nap
rum move gal
ser move bud
sil move boh
smy move arm
stp support kie move lvn
tri move ven
tus move rom
ukr support war
ven move rom
vie move tri
war support mos
wes move tun
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move eas
arm move sev
boh support mun move tyr
bot support lvn
bud move ser
bur move mar
cly move lvp
con move aeg
gal support vie
gre support bud move ser
ion move tys
lvn support pru move war
gol support pie move tus
mos support war
mun move tyr
naf move tun
nap move rom
pie move tus
pru move war
sil support pru move war
stp move mos
tri support tyr move ven
ukr support mos
ven move rom
vie hold
war support mos
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army mun
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber move pru
boh support sil move gal
bre move mid
bud support vie
eas support aeg move ion
gal move boh
gas move bur
lvn support stp move mos
gol move tys
mar move pie
mun support tyr
nap move rom
rum support ukr
sev support mos
sil move gal
stp move mos
tri support ven
tun support gol move tys
tus support mar move pie
tyr move vie
tys move rom
ukr support mos
vie support gal move boh
war support sil move gal
wes support tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move vie
bud support rum move gal
bur move mar
eas support ion
gal move ukr
gre move bul
lon move nth
lvn move mos
lvp move iri
mid move naf
mos support ukr
nap move rom
pie support tus move ven
pru move sil
rum support ukr
ser move tri
sev support ukr
stp support lvn move mos
tri move adr
tun move ion
tus move ven
tyr move ven
tys support tun move ion
ukr support mos
ven support nap move rom
vie move boh
war support lvn move mos
wes move gol
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ven move apu
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army par
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support apu move ven
apu move ven
ber move sil
bud move gal
bul move rum
eas move ion
gal support war move ukr
ion move gre
gol move tus
mar move pie
mos support war move ukr
naf move tun
par move bur
pie move ven
rom support apu move ven
rum support ukr
sev support ukr
sil move war
tri move tyr
tun move tys
tys move rom
ukr support sev
ven support tys move rom
vie move boh
war move ukr
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
ber move sil
boh support tyr
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
gal support war move ukr
mos support war move ukr
mun support tyr
rom move nap
sil move war
tri move tyr
tyr support boh
vie move boh
war move ukr
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
