PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ser move gre
ank move bla
apu move tun via convoy
arm move sev
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur move mun
eng convoy wal move bel
hol support ruh move bel
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move den
mid move bre
nth move nwy
ruh move bel
ser move gre
sev move bla
ukr move rum
ven hold
wal move bel via convoy
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
arm move sev
bel move bur
ber support kie move mun
bre move eng
bud hold
bul move rum
con support ank move bla
den support nwy move swe
edi support eng move nth
eng move nth
gal support ukr move rum
gre move ser
hol move bel
ion move eas
kie move mun
mar move bur
mun move ruh
nap move ion
nwy move ska
par move pic
sev move rum
spa move por
tun hold
ukr support sev move rum
ven hold
vie hold
wal move lon
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel support hol
ber move kie
bla support bul move rum
bud move ser
bul move rum
con move smy
den support ska move swe
eas convoy tun move syr
edi move nth
eng support ruh move bel
gal support rum
gre support ser move bul
hol support bel
ion convoy tun move syr
lon hold
mar move bur
mun move ruh
nth move hel
pic support ruh move bel
por hold
ruh move bel
rum support ukr move sev
ser move bul
sev support bul move rum
sil move war
ska move swe
swe move nwy
tun move syr via convoy
ukr move sev
ven hold
vie move boh
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move con
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
bla support sev
boh support kie move mun
bud move ser
bul move con
bur support bel move ruh
con support smy
den move kie
eas support syr move smy
eng support pic move bel
gre move aeg
hel move nth
ion move aeg
kie move mun
lon hold
mar hold
nth move nwy
par move pic
pic move bel
por move spa
ruh support hol
rum support ukr move sev
ser move gre
sev move mos
swe support nth move nwy
syr move smy
ukr move sev
ven hold
vie move bud
war move mos
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move ank
bel support lon move hol
bla support con
bud move ser
bul move con
bur support ruh move mun
con hold
eas support smy
eng move mid
gal move war
gre hold
hol move bel
ion hold
kie support mun
lon hold
mar hold
mun support kie
nth hold
nwy hold
pic support bel
ruh move mun
rum move bla
ser move bul
sev hold
smy support bul move con
spa move gas
swe move bot
ven hold
vie move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove ank
build Army ber
build Fleet edi
remove gas
build Fleet nap
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel support lon move hol
ber support mun
bla move ank
boh support mun
bot move stp/sc
bud move tri
bul move rum
bur move mun
con support smy move ank
eas move smy
edi move nrg
hol support kie
ion hold
kie move ruh
lon move hol via convoy
mid move wes
mar move gol
mun support kie move ruh
nap move tys
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy move bar
pic support bel
ruh support bur move mun
rum move sev
ser support bul move rum
sev move arm
smy move ank
stp/nc hold
ven hold
vie move gal
war move pru
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
hol move hel
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support smy
bar support bot move stp
bel support hol
ber support boh move sil
bla move sev
boh move sil
bot move stp/sc
bur support ruh move mun
con hold
gal move war
gre hold
hel support kie move hol
hol hold
ion move tun
kie move hol
gol move tys
mun support kie
nth support hol
nrg move nwy
pru move war
ruh move mun
ser move bul
sev move rum
sil support pru move war
smy hold
stp/nc move nwy
tri move vie
tys support ion move tun
ven hold
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move tyr
tys move nap
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Fleet rom
remove tyr
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move smy
arm move ank
bar support stp/sc
bel support hol
ber move mun
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur move mar
edi move nwy via convoy
gal support sil move war
gre move bul/sc
hel support kie move hol
hol hold
kie move hol
lon move den via convoy
mar move gol
mun move tyr
nap move ion
nth convoy lon move den
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic move bur
pru move war
rom move tys
rum move ukr
sev move bla
sil move war
smy move eas
stp/sc hold
tun support rom move tys
tys move tun
ven move pie
vie move boh
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tun move naf
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bla move sev
boh move tyr
bul/sc support con
bur support tyr move mun
den move kie
eas support smy
gal move ukr
hel move den
hol support den move kie
ion support naf move tun
kie support hel move den
gol move tys
mar move pie
mun support boh move tyr
naf move tun
nth move den
nrg move nth
nwy move stp
pie move ven
pru move ber
rum support ukr move sev
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
tun support gol move tys
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr move sev
vie move tri
wes move naf
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move ruh
mun move boh
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army edi
remove hel
build Fleet mar
remove ruh
remove smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move smy
bar move stp/nc
bel move ruh
bla move rum
boh move mun
bot move bal
bud move gal
bul/sc support con
bur move mar
con hold
eas move ion
edi move den via convoy
hol move ruh
ion move nap
kie support mun
mar move spa/sc
mun hold
naf move mid
nth convoy edi move den
nrg move nat
pie move tyr
rum hold
sev move arm
stp move mos
tun move tys
tyr support boh move mun
tys move rom
ukr move sev
ven move rom
vie move boh
war hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move ank
bal support kie move ber
bel move ruh
ber move pru
bla move ank
boh move mun
bul/sc support con
con support arm move ank
den hold
gal move ukr
ion support tun move tys
kie move ber
mar move pie
mos hold
mun support pie move tyr
naf support tys move tun
nat move mid
nap move rom
nth move hel
pie move tyr
rum hold
sev hold
spa/sc move wes
tri support ven
tun move tys
tyr support boh move mun
tys move tun
ven move rom
vie move gal
war hold
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove boh
remove pru
remove smy
build Army vie
remove wes
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ank move smy
bal move den
ber support tyr move mun
bul/sc move con
con move ank
den move kie
gal hold
hel move nth
hol move bel
ion support tun
mid move bre
mar move pie
mos hold
mun support pie move tyr
naf support tys move tun
nap move tys
pie move tyr
ruh hold
rum move bul
spa/sc move wes
stp/nc move bar
tri support tyr
tun support nap move tys
tyr support ven move pie
tys move tun
ukr move war
ven move pie
vie move boh
war move sil
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tys move gol
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bar hold
bel hold
ber move kie
boh move mun
bre hold
bul move rum
con move bul/ec
den move nth
gal move boh
ion support tun
kie move hol
gol move mar
mar move gas
mos hold
mun support sil move ber
naf move mid
nth move eng
pie hold
ruh move bur
sil support boh move mun
tun support tys move wes
tyr support pie
tys move wes
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
mun move ber
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
remove mar
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar move nrg
bel support mun move bur
ber support mun move kie
bre hold
bul/ec move bla
bur move pic
con move bul
edi move hol via convoy
eng convoy lon move pic
gas support mid move bre
hol move ruh
ion move tun
kie move ber
lon move pic via convoy
lvp move iri
mid move bre
mos hold
mun move bur
nth convoy edi move hol
pie move mar
sil support kie move ber
spa/sc move mid
tri move tyr
tun move wes
tyr move mun
vie hold
war move pru
wes move gol
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
