PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
par move bur
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
ank move bla
bot move swe
bre move mid
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul
den move swe
eng move bel
gal support ukr move rum
kie move hol
nap move ion
nth convoy yor move nwy
rom move apu
ruh support kie move hol
rum move ser
sev support ukr move rum
spa move por
tri move ven
ukr move rum
ven move tri
yor move nwy
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move tyr
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army kie
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
remove tyr
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
ank move arm
apu move rom
bla support bul move rum
bot move bal
bul move rum
bur move mun
den move ska
gal support rum
gre move bul
hol support ruh move bel
ion move alb
kie move den
mun move bur
par move pic
por move spa
ruh move bel
rum support ser move bul
ser hold
sev move arm
smy move aeg
stp move nwy
ven hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg move gre
ank move arm
bal move ber
bel support hol
bla support ank move arm
bul support gre move ser
bur support bel move pic
den support ska move swe
gal move vie
gre move ser
hol support bel
ion move tun
mid move wes
mun move ber
pic move bel
rom move ven
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
ska move swe
stp move nwy
ven move rom
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul move con
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb support bul move gre
arm move sev
bal move pru
bel support mun move bur
ber move mun
bla move rum
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur move ruh
con move bul
den move swe
gre support con move bul
hol move bel
kie move hol
mos support sev
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move bur
pic hold
rom move ven
rum support bud move ser
ser hold
sev support rum
spa move naf via convoy
stp move fin
swe move ska
tun support nap move ion
ven move rom
vie move boh
wes convoy spa move naf
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Turkey: fleet/dislodged gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre move aeg
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support gre
arm move sev
bel support hol move ruh
bla move rum
boh support ruh move mun
bud move ser
bul support aeg move gre
bur move mar
fin move swe
gre move bul
hol move ruh
ion support tun
kie move ber
mos move stp
mun move ber
naf move tun
par move bre
pic move bur
pru move bal
rom move ven
ruh move mun
rum support bud move ser
ser support aeg move gre
sev move bla
ska move nwy
swe support ska move nwy
tun hold
ven move rom
wes move tys
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move sil
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move adr
arm move sev
bal move swe
bel move bur
bla support arm move sev
boh move sil
bud move ser
bul move rum
bur move mar
con hold
fin support bal move swe
gre hold
ion move tun
kie move den
mar support bel move bur
naf move tun
rom move nap
ruh support bel move bur
rum move ser
ser support bul move rum
sev move rum
ska support swe move nwy
stp move mos
swe move nwy
tun move wes
tys support naf move tun
ven move rom
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
England: army/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
bla convoy con move rum
boh move sil
bud move ser
bul support con move rum
bur move par
con move rum via convoy
den support ska move swe
fin support swe move nwy
gre move ion
mar move gas
mos move war
nwy support ska move swe
rom hold
ruh support sil move mun
rum move ser
ser move bud
sev move mos
sil move mun
ska move swe
swe move nwy
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army/dislodged nwy
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move stp
rum move sev
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
remove fin
remove ion
build Fleet kie
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
remove wes
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
apu support rom move nap
ber support mun move sil
bla support ank move arm
bud move rum
bul support ser
gas support par move bre
gre move alb
kie move hel
mos move sev
mun move sil
nwy move nrg
par move bre
rom move nap
ruh move bel
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev move mos
sil move pru
smy move aeg
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move ser
war support sev move mos
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
France: army/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Turkey: army/dislodged mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mos move ukr
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support ser move tri
apu move adr
arm move sev
bel hold
ber move pru
bla support arm move sev
bre hold
bud move ser
bul move ser
den move nth
gas move spa
hel support den move nth
nap hold
nrg move edi
nwy support stp
pru support war move sil
rum move bud
ser move tri
sil support ber move pru
stp support nwy
tri move vie
ukr move mos
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army kie
build Army mun
remove pru
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
alb move adr
bel hold
ber move pru
bla move con
bre move gas
bud move ser
bul move ser
con move bul
edi move cly
hel move nth
ion support alb move adr
kie move ber
mos move lvn
mun move tyr
nap hold
nth move nrg
nwy support hel move nth
rum support bul move ser
sev move mos
sil support ber move pru
spa move por
stp support mos
tri move ven
ukr move gal
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Austria: fleet/dislodged adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
apu move adr
bel move edi via convoy
ber move sil
bud move ser
bul move ser
con move aeg
ion move apu
mos support ukr move war
nth convoy bel move edi
nrg support bel move edi
nwy support stp
pru support ber move sil
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sil move gal
stp support lvn move mos
tri move ven
tyr support vie move tri
ukr move war
vie move tri
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move vie
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
remove cly
build Army con
build Army kie
remove lvn
build Army mun
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr hold
aeg move gre
ank move arm
apu move ven
ber move pru
bud support ser move tri
con move bul
edi move yor
gal move ukr
gas move mar
ion support adr move apu
kie move mun
mos hold
mun move boh
nth support edi move yor
nrg move cly
nwy support stp
por move spa
pru move lvn
rum move gal
ser move tri
sil move gal
smy move aeg
stp support pru move lvn
tri support apu move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ven hold
vie support tri
war support rum move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
adr move apu
apu move ven
arm move smy
boh move gal
bud support ser move tri
bul move rum
cly move lvp
gal support bul move rum
gre move ion
ion move tun
lvn support stp move mos
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun move sil
nap support apu
nth support yor move lon
nwy support stp
pru support sil move war
ser move tri
sil move war
spa move mar
stp move mos
tri support apu move ven
tyr support apu move ven
ukr move sev
ven support ser move tri
vie support tri
war move sil
yor move lon
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Turkey: army/dislodged ven
Austria: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
ven move rom
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
