PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
apu move tun
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur support tyr move mun
con move bul
hol support ruh move bel
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move den
mid move por
mar move spa
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg support yor move nwy
ruh move bel
ser support alb move gre
sev move rum
stp move nwy
tri move vie
tyr move mun
ukr support sev move rum
yor move nwy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bre
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Fleet smy
build Fleet tri
build Army ven
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel support mun move bur
ber support kie move mun
bla move sev
bre move par
bud move tri
bul move rum
bur support par move pic
con hold
den move kie
edi move nth
gre support ser move bul
hol support bel
ion convoy tun move apu
kie move mun
mos move stp
mun move bur
nap move tys
nth move ska
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
par move pic
por move spa/sc
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move bla
smy move eas
spa move mar
stp move fin
swe support stp move fin
tri move alb
tun move apu
ukr move sev
ven move pie
vie support bud move tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move ruh
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb hold
apu move ven
bel move bur
ber move sil
bla move bul/ec
bul hold
bur move mar
con support bla move bul/ec
eas move aeg
fin support stp move nwy
gre support bul
hol move bel
kie move ruh
mar hold
mun support kie move ruh
nth support ruh move bel
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
par move bur
pic support ruh move bel
pie support bur move mar
ruh move bel
rum support sev move bla
sev move bla
ska support nwy
spa/sc support mar
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move ser
tys move wes
ukr move sev
vie hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bla move ank
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army kie
build Army tri
remove ven
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
alb move gre
ank hold
bel hold
bla move arm
bre move mid
bul support alb move gre
bur move mar
con move bul
fin support stp move nwy
gre move aeg
hol move bel
ion support gre move aeg
kie move den
mun move bur
nth support bel
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
pic support bel
pie support bur move mar
ruh support hol move bel
rum move bla
ser support bul
sev support bla move arm
sil move mun
ska support nwy
spa/sc support mar
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri hold
vie hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
mar move gas
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank hold
arm move ank
bel hold
bla support arm move ank
bul move con
bur move pic
con hold
den hold
fin support stp move nwy
gre support aeg move ion
hol move bel
ion move tys
mid hold
mar support wes move spa/sc
mun hold
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy move swe
par move bur
pic support bel
pie support mar
ruh support hol move bel
ser move alb
sev move mos
ska support nwy move swe
smy hold
spa/sc move wes
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move ven
vie move tyr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
spa/sc move por
swe move bal
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove gas
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
remove pic
build Army rom
build Army tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move apu
ank support bla move con
bal move swe
bel move pic
bla move con
bul support bla move con
bur move gas
con hold
den move kie
fin support bal move swe
gre move aeg
ion convoy alb move apu
kie move hol
lon move eng
mar move pie
mos move lvn
mun hold
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
pie move ven
rom move apu
ruh move bur
ska support swe
smy move aeg
spa/sc move wes
stp move nwy
swe support nrg move nwy
tri support ven
tyr move pie
tys move ion
ven support alb move apu
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move apu
ank move con
bal convoy lvn move den
bul support ank move con
bur support gas move par
con move aeg
eng move bre
fin move nwy
gas move par
gre support con move aeg
hol move bel
ion convoy alb move apu
kie move ber
lvn move den
mid support por move spa/sc
mar move pie
mun move bur
nth support nwy
nwy support swe
par move bre
pic move eng
pie move tus
por move spa/sc
rom support pie move tus
ska support swe
smy hold
stp move lvn
swe support nwy
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
tys move nap
ven move tus
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Fleet stp/nc
remove tun
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move smy
apu move tun
bal support den
bel move hol
ber support mun move kie
bul move rum
bur move gas
con move smy
den hold
eng hold
fin move swe
gre support ion
ion convoy apu move tun
lvn move stp
mid move wes
mun move kie
nap move apu
nth support swe move den
nwy move swe
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
pie support tus move ven
rom support tus move ven
ska support swe move den
spa/sc move mar
stp/nc move bar
swe move den
tri support ven
tus move ven
tyr support ven
ven support tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
smy disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre move ion
apu support tus move ven
bal support sil move ber
bar move nrg
ber hold
bre hold
den support nwy move swe
eng move nth
fin support stp move nwy
gas move spa
gre move ion
hol move hel
ion move nap
kie support ber
mar hold
nth move nrg
nwy move swe
par move bur
pie support tus move ven
rom support tus move ven
rum hold
sil move ber
ska support nwy move swe
smy hold
stp move nwy
tri support ven
tun hold
tus move ven
tyr support ven
ven hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army bud
build Army mun
remove rom
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal move swe
bar move nrg
ber move pru
bre move mid
bud move vie
bur move mar
den support swe
eng move nth
fin support nwy
gas support bur move mar
hel move kie
ion move tys
kie move ber
mun support kie move ber
nap support ion move tys
nth move nrg
nwy hold
pie move tyr
rum move gal
sil move war
ska support swe
smy move aeg
stp/sc move bot
swe support den
tri support tyr move ven
tun hold
tyr move ven
ven move apu
vie move boh
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: fleet/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mar move gol
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
apu move nap
bal support bot move swe
bar move nrg
ber move pru
boh support gal move sil
bot move swe
den move swe
eng move bre
fin support bot move swe
gal move sil
gas move spa
ion hold
kie move bal
gol move mar
mid move por
mar support gas move spa
mun hold
nap support tun move rom
nth support swe move nwy
nwy support bot move swe
pru move lvn
ska support swe move nwy
spa/sc support gol move mar
swe move nwy
tri move tyr
tun move rom
tyr move vie
tys convoy tun move rom
ven support tri move tyr
vie support tri move tyr
war move pru
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gas
Russia: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move stp
tyr disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gas
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
remove gol
build Army mos
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gas
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal support swe
ber move sil
boh support tyr move mun
bre move eng
bud move tri
den hold
edi move cly
fin support swe
gas support por move spa/sc
gre move ion
ion move tun
kie move bal
mar move pie
mos move lvn
mun support ber move sil
nap move tys
nth move edi
nrg move nwy
nwy move nth
por move spa/sc
rom move tus
sil support tyr move mun
ska support nwy move nth
stp support nrg move nwy
swe hold
tri move adr
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ven move pie
vie move tyr
war support mos move lvn
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: army/dislodged lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lvn move pru
mun move bur
spa/sc move wes
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
bal support swe
ber support bur move mun
boh move sil
bur move mun
cly move nat
den support bal move kie
edi move nrg
eng move bel
fin support nwy
gas support spa/sc
ion move tun
lvn move pru
gol support ven move pie
mar move pie
mun support sil move ber
nth move hol
nwy support swe
pru move sil
sil move ber
ska move nth
spa/sc hold
stp move mos
swe support nwy
tri move ven
tun move naf
tus support ven move pie
tyr support mun
tys support gol
ven move pie
war support lvn move pru
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gas
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Fleet sev
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: army gas
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
