PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bla support ukr move rum
bot move swe
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur support pic move bel
con move aeg
den move swe
gal support ukr move rum
kie move hol
mid move por
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg move bar
pic move bel
ruh move mun
ser support tri
smy move arm
tyr move mun
ukr move rum
ven hold
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
arm move sev
bar support nwy move stp
bel support bur move ruh
ber move mun
bla convoy rum move arm
bot move bal
bud support tri
bul support aeg move gre
bur move ruh
con move bla
den move swe
gal move rum
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tun
lon move eng
mar move bur
mun move ruh
nth support ruh move bel
nwy move stp
par move pic
por move spa/sc
ruh move bel
rum move arm via convoy
ser support aeg move gre
sev support rum move arm
tyr hold
ven hold
vie support bud
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Turkey: army/dislodged arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move ank
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move smy
arm move smy
bal move swe
bar move stp/nc
bel hold
ber hold
bla move ank
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur move ruh
con move ank
eng move bre
gre support bul
hol move kie
mar move bur
mun hold
nth move den
pic move bre
rum support ser move bul
sev move bla
spa/sc hold
stp move mos
swe move den
tyr support bur move mun
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum disband
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Army lvp
build Army rom
remove sev
build Army smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm move sev
bel move hol
ber move sil
bla support arm move sev
bre support spa/sc move mid
bud move gal
bul move rum
bur support pic move bel
con move bla
edi move nrg
eng move iri
gre hold
kie support bel move hol
lvp move edi
mos move war
mun hold
nth move eng
pic move bel
rom move tus
ruh support pic move bel
rum move sev
smy support ank move arm
spa/sc move mid
stp/nc move bar
swe move bal
tri hold
vie hold
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: army/dislodged arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal move kie
bar convoy edi move stp
bel hold
bla move ank
bre move pic
bul hold
bur move mun
con move bla
edi move stp via convoy
eng support hol move bel
gal move ukr
gre move ion
hol move bel
iri support eng
kie move ruh
mid move bre
mun hold
nrg convoy edi move stp
ruh support bur move mun
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sil support mun
smy move ank
tri move adr
tun move ion
tus move pie
vie move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
remove bla
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
ank move con
bal move den
bar move nrg
bel move hol
ber move mun
bre hold
bud move ser
bur hold
con move aeg
eng support iri move mid
gre move ion
iri move mid
kie support mun move ruh
lon support eng
mar hold
mun move ruh
nrg move nth
pic move bel
ruh support pic move bel
rum support bul
sev support ukr move mos
sil support ber move mun
smy hold
stp move mos
tun move ion
ukr move sev
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
alb move ion
bel hold
bre move mid
bur move mar
con move bul
den move hel
eng support hol move bel
gre support con move bul
hol move bel
kie move hol
lon support eng
mid move por
mar move gol
mos support ukr move sev
mun move bur
nth support hol move bel
nrg move nat
pie move tyr
ruh support mun move bur
rum support bul
ser support bul
sev move rum
sil move mun
smy hold
tun move ion
tyr move vie
ukr move sev
war support mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: fleet/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
sev disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army edi
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move gre
ank move arm
bel move pic
ber move sil
bul support gre
bur move par
edi move nwy via convoy
eng support nat move mid
gre support bul
hel move den
hol move ruh
lon support eng
gol move tus
mid move iri
mar hold
mos support war
mun support ruh move bur
nat move mid
nap support tun move ion
nth convoy edi move nwy
pic move bre
por support nat move mid
ruh move bur
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev move rum
smy move ank
tun move ion
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tyr move tri
war support mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move arm
arm move sev
bre hold
bud support alb move tri
bul support gre
bur move gas
con move bla
den hold
eng move iri
gre support bul
ion move nap
iri move lvp
lon move wal
mid move spa/sc
mar hold
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nap move rom
nth hold
nwy move swe
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
por support mid move spa
ruh move bur
rum move sev
ser hold
sil move boh
tri hold
tus move tys
ven support tri
vie support tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
bre move eng
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet edi
remove mar
remove tys
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move sev via convoy
arm support ank move sev
ber move sil
bla convoy ank move sev
boh support tyr
bre hold
bul move rum
bur move bel
den hold
edi move nth
eng move bel
gas move mar
gre move alb
iri support wal
lvp hold
nth move lon
par move bur
por move mid
spa/sc support por move mid
tri support vie move bud
tyr support boh
vie move bud
wal support iri
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
arm move sev
bla support sev move rum
boh move vie
bre hold
bud support alb move tri
bul support sev move rum
bur move bel
den hold
eng move iri
gre support bul
iri support wal move lvp
lon support nth move eng
lvp support eng move iri
mid move naf
mar hold
nth move eng
par move bur
rom move tus
ser support alb move tri
sev move rum
sil move boh
spa/sc move wes
tri hold
tyr support boh move vie
ven support tri
vie support tri
wal move lvp
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
eng move mid
rum move gal
vie move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
remove lvp
build Army mun
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move sil
bla support bul move rum
boh move gal
bud move gal
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move bul
eng support iri move mid
gre move ion
iri move mid
lon move nth
mid move por
mar move pie
mun move boh
naf move tun
nap move tys
rom support ven
rum move ukr
ser move bud
sev support rum move ukr
smy move aeg
tus move gol
tyr support mar move pie
ven hold
vie support boh move gal
wal move lvp
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
boh support gal
bud move rum
bul move rum
eng move mid
gal hold
ion support tys move tun
gol move wes
mid move por
mar support pie
mos hold
pie move ven
por hold
rom move tus
rum move gal
ser support bud move rum
sev move mos
sil support gal
spa/sc support mid move por
tyr support pie move ven
tys move tun
ukr support sev move mos
war support mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
England: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
tun move naf
ven move rom
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Army mun
remove wes
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul
bla move rum
boh support gal
bud move rum
bul support bla move rum
edi move nwy via convoy
gal hold
ion move gre
lvp move iri
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support war
naf support mid move wes
nth convoy edi move nwy
por move spa/sc
rom support tus move ven
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev support bla move rum
sil support gal
spa/sc move gol
swe move fin
tus move ven
tyr support ven
ukr support bla move rum
war support mos
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move hol
bre move gas
bul move ser
fin move stp
gal move bud
gre support bul
iri move eng
gol move tys
mos support war
mun move tyr
naf move tun
nth hold
nwy move swe
pie support ven
rom support tus move ven
rum hold
sev support rum
sil move gal
spa/sc move gol
tus move ven
tyr move tri
ukr move gal
ven hold
vie support tyr move tri
war support mos
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri move adr
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army con
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh support gal
bud support ser move tri
bul move ser
con move smy
den hold
eng move mid
gal support war move ukr
gas move bre
gre move aeg
hol move bel
ion hold
kie support den
lon move eng
gol move tus
mos support war move ukr
pie support gol move tus
rum move bla
ser move alb
sev move rum
sil move mun
stp support mos
tri support vie
tun move ion
tyr support ven
tys support tun move ion
ukr move gal
ven hold
vie support tri
war move ukr
wes move tun
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Turkey: army/dislodged ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
ion move eas
ukr move sev
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move gre
alb support ser move tri
bel hold
bla move rum
boh move gal
bre hold
bud support ser move tri
den hold
eas support aeg
eng hold
gal move bud
ion move nap
kie support den
mid hold
mos support ukr move sev
mun move ruh
nth hold
pie move mar
rum move ukr
ser move tri
sev support rum move ukr
smy move gre via convoy
stp support mos
swe hold
tri hold
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr support tri
tys support ion move nap
ukr move sev
ven support tus move rom
vie support gal move bud
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army/dislodged rom
England: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
build Army mun
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
arm support ukr move sev
bel move pic
bud support gal move rum
eas move ion
edi move nrg
eng move mid
gal move rum
gre support ser
ion hold
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mid move spa/sc
mar hold
mos move war
mun move kie
nap support ion
nth hold
ruh move bel
rum support ukr move sev
ser support rum
sev move mos
stp move lvn
swe move nwy
tri move ser
tyr move pie
tys move gol
ukr move sev
vie move gal
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Turkey: fleet/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
rum move bla
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support gre
arm move sev
bel hold
bla move bul/ec
bre hold
bud move ser
den hold
eas support aeg
gal support rum
gre support ser
hol support bel
ion move alb
kie move ber
lvn move war
gol move tys
mar hold
mos support war move ukr
nap move ion
nwy move swe
pic support bre
pie support mar
rum hold
ser support sev move rum
sev move rum
tri support bud move ser
ven move tyr
war move ukr
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
England: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
