PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move arm
smy move arm
stp/sc move fin
tri move adr
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
bla support smy move arm
bul support rum
bur move bel
edi move nwy via convoy
fin move swe
hol hold
ion move gre
kie move ber
mid move por
mos support sev
nth move den
nrg convoy edi move nwy
ruh move mun
rum hold
sev support ukr move rum
smy move arm
spa hold
tri move vie
tyr support ven move tri
ukr move rum
ven move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
arm move sev
bel support mar move bur
ber move sil
bla support arm move sev
bre move eng
bul support rum
den move swe
edi move nrg
hol hold
kie hold
lon move nth
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun hold
nap move ion
nrg move bar
nwy move fin
par move pic
por move mid
rom move ven
rum support arm move sev
smy move aeg
spa move gas
tri move bud
tyr move tri
ukr support sev
vie support adr move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bar support fin move stp
bel move wal via convoy
bla support sev
bud support tyr move tri
bul support aeg move gre
bur move bel
den move swe
eng convoy bel move wal
fin move stp
gal support ukr move rum
gas move bur
gre hold
hol hold
ion support gre
kie hold
mid move nat
mun hold
nth move lon
nrg move nwy
pic support bur move bel
rum move bud
sil move war
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri hold
tyr move tri
ukr move rum
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move ser
stp disband
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Army lvp
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bar move nwy
ber hold
bla move rum
bud support tyr move vie
bul support aeg move gre
den move swe
eng convoy pic move lon
gal support bud
gre hold
hol hold
ion support gre
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mun move ruh
nat move lvp
nrg move nat
pic move lon via convoy
rum move ukr
ser support tri
sev support bla move rum
smy move eas
stp support war move mos
swe move den
tri hold
tyr move vie
ven move tri
vie support tri
wal move yor
war move mos
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
vie move boh
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ber move bal
boh move vie
bud move tri
bul support aeg move gre
den support nwy move swe
eas move ion
eng move mid
gal support ukr move war
gre support ion move aeg
hol move nth
ion move aeg
kie move den
lon support wal move yor
mos move stp
nat move mid
nwy move swe
pic support bel
ruh hold
ser support tri
sev support rum
swe move ska
tri hold
ukr move war
ven support bud move tri
vie support bud move tri
wal move yor
yor move edi
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: fleet/dislodged gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
gre disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove boh
build Fleet bre
build Army con
remove gal
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
remove war
remove yor
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bre move mid
bud move ser
bul move rum
bur support bel
con move bul
den support swe move bal
edi move yor
eng convoy pic move wal
gre move aeg
ion move adr
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp support pic move wal
mar move spa/sc
mos hold
nat move mid
nap move tys
nth move edi
pic move wal via convoy
ruh move hol
rum move bla
ser support tri
sev support bul move rum
ska move swe
stp move nwy
swe move bal
tri hold
ven support vie move tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
tri disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move gre
bal move swe
bel move hol
bre move mid
bud move ser
bul move ser
bur move mun
den support swe
edi move nth
eng support wal move lon
hol hold
ion move gre
kie move den
lon move nth
mos move stp
nwy move stp
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev move mos
ska move nwy
smy move aeg
spa/sc support bre move mid
swe support den
tri support bud move ser
tys move tun
ven support tri
wal move lon
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Italy: army/dislodged bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
bud move vie
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet nap
build Army par
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move gre
bal move swe
bla move sev
bud support adr move tri
con move bul
den support swe move bal
edi move nth
eng move iri
hol hold
ion move eas
kie move den
lvp support mid move nat
mid move nat
mos move stp
mun move boh
nat move iri
nap move apu
nwy move stp
par move bur
rum move gal
ser support adr move tri
sev move ukr
ska support kie move den
smy move eas
spa/sc move mid
swe move bal
tri hold
tun move ion
ven support tri
vie support tri
yor move edi
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
France: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
England: fleet/dislodged nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move hel
nat move nrg
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply den
France: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
apu move adr
bal move swe
bel move hol
boh support vie
bud support adr move tri
bul move gre
bur move mun
den hold
eng move bel
gal move vie
gre move alb
hel move hol
hol move kie
ion support apu move adr
lvp move cly
mid move wes
mos move war
nat support lvp move cly
nth move nwy
nrg move nth
nwy move stp
ser support adr move tri
ska move swe
smy move aeg
swe move den
tri hold
tun support ion
ukr move war
ven support tri
vie support tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply den
France: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri move tyr
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet mar
build Fleet smy
remove stp
remove swe
remove tun
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg move ion
alb support tri move adr
bal move den
bel support kie move hol
ber move pru
boh move gal
bud move vie
cly support nat move nrg
den move kie
eng move nth
gal move vie
hel support nth move hol
ion hold
kie move hol
mar move gol
mos move war
mun move sil
nat move nrg
nth move hol
nwy move stp/nc
ser support bud move tri
ska support nth move den
smy move eas
tri move adr
tyr support vie move tri
ukr move war
ven support vie move tri
vie move tri
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Italy: fleet/dislodged adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support alb move tri
aeg support eas move ion
alb move tri
apu move adr
bal move swe
bel support kie move hol
boh support tyr move vie
bud support alb move tri
cly move edi
den move kie
eas move ion
edi move yor
eng move nth
gal move vie
hel support bel move hol
ion move alb
kie move hol
lon support edi move yor
gol move wes
mos move ukr
nth move den
nrg move nwy
pru move war
ser support alb move tri
sil support pru move war
ska move nwy
stp/nc hold
tri support ion move alb
tyr move vie
tys move ion
ukr move war
ven support tri
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
tri disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove hel
build Fleet nap
remove ska
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg support ion
alb move tri
bel move ruh
ber move pru
boh support vie
bud move vie
den move bal
edi move nrg
gal support bud move vie
gre move alb
hol move kie
ion support adr
kie move ber
mos move ukr
nap support tys move ion
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nat
ser support gre move alb
sil move gal
stp/nc move nwy
swe move den
tri support adr
tys move ion
ven support alb move tri
vie support alb move tri
war support mos move ukr
wes move tun
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Turkey: army/dislodged ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ukr move rum
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support ion
alb support bud move tri
apu move adr
bal move ber
bel move ruh
ber hold
boh support vie
bud move tri
den support nwy move swe
gal move vie
kie hold
lon move hol via convoy
nat move mid
nap support tun move ion
nth convoy lon move hol
nrg move nat
nwy move swe
pru move lvn
ruh move mun
rum move bul
ser support bud move tri
sev move bla
sil move gal
tri support apu move adr
tun move ion
tys support tun move ion
ukr support sil move gal
ven support tri
vie support tri
war support sil move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ion move eas
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army bud
build Army mar
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy alb move ven
aeg move gre
alb move ven via convoy
apu support ion move adr
ber move sil
bla move rum
boh support vie
bud support tri
bul support aeg move gre
den move bal
eas move ion
gal move bud
hol move ruh
ion move adr
kie move ber
lvn move mos
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun move tyr
nat move mid
nap support tys move ion
nth move eng
rom support ven
ruh move mun
ser support bud
smy move aeg
swe move bot
tri support alb move ven
tys move ion
ukr move sev
ven hold
vie support gal move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tyr move tri
aeg support eas move ion
alb support tri
apu move ion
bal hold
ber move sil
boh support ruh move mun
bot hold
bud support tri
eas move ion
eng move mid
gal move bud
gre support eas move ion
ion move alb
mid move naf
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nap support apu move ion
pie support mun move tyr
rom hold
ruh move mun
rum move bla
ser support tri
sev move arm
sil move war
tri support bud
tyr move tri
ukr support mos move sev
ven support tyr move tri
vie support gal move bud
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud disband
ion move tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Army mar
build Army par
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tys move ion
aeg support ion
alb support ser
apu support tys move ion
arm move syr
bal convoy kie move lvn
ber move sil
boh move gal
bot convoy kie move lvn
bud support tri move ser
bul support ser
gre support alb
kie move lvn via convoy
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun move boh
naf move tun
nap support tys move ion
par move bur
pie move tus
sev move arm
sil move war
tri move ser
tyr move tri
tys move ion
ukr move sev
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tyr move tri
war move ukr
wes move tys
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move eas
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tus move alb
aeg support eas move ion
apu support ion
arm move ank
bal move pru
bla move con
boh move gal
bot move lvn
bud support gal move rum
bul support ser
bur move mun
eas move ion
gal move rum
gre support alb
ion convoy tus move alb
lvn move mos
nap support ion
pie move tyr
sev support gal move rum
sil move war
syr move smy
tri support tus move alb
tun move wes
tus move alb via convoy
tyr move boh
tys convoy tus move alb
ukr support gal move rum
war move ukr
wes move gol
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Germany: army ank
Germany: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army rum
France: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: army smy
Germany: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bul
build Army kie
build Army mar
remove ser
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Germany: army ank
Germany: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army rum
France: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: army smy
Germany: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tys move ion
aeg support eas move smy
alb support ion move gre
ank move con
apu support tys move ion
ber hold
boh support tyr
bud support rum move ser
con move bla
eas move smy
gal support sev move rum
gre move bul/sc
ion move gre
kie hold
lvn hold
gol support wes move tys
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun support tyr
nap support tys move ion
pru hold
rum move ser
sev move rum
sil hold
smy support ank move con
tri support rum move ser
tyr support tri
tys move ion
ukr support sev move rum
war hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Germany: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Germany: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gal
France: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
France: supply rum
France: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: fleet smy
Germany: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
smy move ank
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Germany: army ank
Germany: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Germany: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gal
France: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
France: supply rum
France: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Germany: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support bul/sc move con
alb support ion move gre
ank move smy
apu support tys move ion
ber hold
bla move ank
boh move vie
bud support gal move rum
bul/sc move con
bur move bel
con hold
gal move rum
gre move bul/sc
ion move gre
kie move ruh
lvn hold
gol move tys
mun move ruh
nap support tys move ion
pru hold
rum support con move bul
ser support gre move bul
sev hold
sil hold
smy support bul/sc move con
tri support adr move ven
tyr support boh move vie
tys move tun
ukr support lvn move sev
war hold
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Germany: army ank
Germany: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army rum
France: supply rum
France: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Germany: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army/dislodged ven
France: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ven disband
vie disband
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Germany: army ank
Germany: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
France: supply bul
France: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army rum
France: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: fleet ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
