PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move nap
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla support con move bul
bot move swe
bud move vie
bul move gre
con move bul
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move rum
hol hold
ion convoy nap move tun
kie move den
mid move por
nap move tun via convoy
nth move den
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic move bel
ruh move mun
rum move bul/ec
ser support rum move bul
sev support gal move rum
tri move ven
tyr move mun
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army bre
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army par
build Fleet tri
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bla support con move bul
bre move pic
bud support ser
con move bul
gal move rum
gre support con move bul
ion convoy tun move alb
lon move nth
mar move gol
mos move sev
nth move hel
nrg move nwy
nwy move fin
par move bur
por move mid
rum move bul/ec
ser support bud
sev move arm
spa move mar
swe move den
tri support ven
tun move alb via convoy
tyr move mun
ven support tri
vie support bud
war move mos
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ser
ank move arm
bel support bur move ruh
bla support bul
bud move rum
bul support alb move ser
bur move ruh
den move swe
fin move swe
gal move ukr
gre support alb move ser
hel move den
ion move adr
gol move tys
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun support bur move ruh
nth support hel move den
nwy support fin move swe
pic move bur
rum move bul/ec
ser support bud move rum
sev hold
tri move ven
ven move adr
vie move gal
war move lvn
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move bal
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move hol
bla support bul move rum
bud support tri
bul move rum
bur support ruh
den move bal
gal move war
gre move bul
ion move tun
lon move eng
lvn move war
lvp move wal
mun move ber
nap move tys
nth move den
nwy move stp/nc
pie move tyr
rom support nap move tys
ruh support bel move hol
rum support sev
ser support bul move rum
sev support rum
smy move aeg
stp hold
swe move fin
tri support ven
tys move ion
ukr support rum
ven support tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
arm move sev
bal move lvn
ber move mun
bla support arm move sev
bud move vie
bul support rum
bur move mun
den support kie
eng convoy wal move bre
fin move stp
gal move war
hol support ruh move kie
ion move nap
lvn support stp
nwy support fin move stp
rom move nap
ruh move kie
rum support arm move sev
sev support ukr move rum
stp support lvn
tri support ven
tun support tys move wes
tyr support bur move mun
tys move wes
ukr move rum
ven support tri
wal move bre via convoy
wes move gol
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev move mos
stp disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet lon
remove lvn
build Army lvp
build Army par
build Fleet smy
remove ukr
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move kie
ber support bal move kie
bla support bul move rum
bud move tri
bul move rum
con move bul
den support bal move kie
eng move mid
gre support con move bul
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mos move lvn
nwy move stp/nc
rom move nap
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev support stp move mos
smy move aeg
stp move lvn
tri move adr
tun move tys
ven support bud move tri
vie move bud
war hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
ber support kie
bla move sev
bre support wal move pic
bud support tyr move vie
bul support rum
den support kie
eng convoy wal move pic
gre support bul
hol move kie
ion move tun
kie hold
gol move mar
mid move por
mos move lvn
mun support hol move kie
nap hold
nwy move stp/nc
par move bre
ruh move bel
rum support bud
ser support bud
sev move ukr
spa/sc move mar
stp move mos
tri support vie move bud
tyr move vie
tys move tun
ven support tri
vie move bud
wal move pic via convoy
war hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
vie move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet edi
remove gal
remove hol
build Army lon
remove lvn
build Army lvp
build Army rom
remove war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
ber move mun
bre move par
bud support ser move tri
bul move rum
con move bul
den move kie
edi move nth
eng support pic move bel
ion move tun
kie move hol
lvp move wal
gol move mar
mun move bur
nap hold
par move bre
pic move bel
por move mid
rom move ven
rum move sev
ser move tri
sev move bla
spa/sc move mar
tri move tyr
tys move tun
ukr move war
ven move adr
vie hold
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr hold
aeg move ion
bre move gas
bud support bul move ser
bul move ser
bur move mar
eng convoy wal move bre
gre support aeg move ion
hol support bel
ion move tun
gol support bur move mar
mid move por
mos hold
mun hold
nap move ion
par move bre
ruh move bur
rum move ukr
sev move mos
spa/sc move mar
tri support ven
tyr hold
tys support nap move ion
ven support tri
vie move tri
wal move bre via convoy
war support sev move mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
England: army/dislodged mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
mos move lvn
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army ank
remove apu
build Army con
build Army lvp
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
remove tun
remove tyr
remove vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move arm
bel move bur
bla move con
bud support ser move tri
bur move gas
con move bul
eng convoy wal move bre
gas support wal move bre
gre support aeg move ion
hol move hel
kie move bal
lon move hol via convoy
lvn move stp
gol move spa/sc
mar support bur move gas
mos hold
mun move ber
nap move ion
nth convoy lon move hol
par move bre
por move mid
rom move tys
ser move tri
smy move eas
spa/sc move mar
stp/nc move nwy
tri move vie
tys move tun
ukr move gal
ven move tri
wal move bre via convoy
war hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal support stp move lvn
bel support hol move ruh
ber move kie
bud move vie
bul move ser
bur move gas
con move aeg
eas move ion
eng convoy wal move pic
gal support bud move vie
gas move bre
gre support eas move ion
hel move nth
hol move ruh
ion move adr
lvp move yor
gol move spa/sc
mid move wes
mar support gol move spa
mos move stp
nap move ion
nth move nrg
nwy move stp/nc
par move bre
spa/sc hold
stp move lvn
tri support bud move vie
tun support nap move ion
tys support nap move ion
ven support vie move tri
vie move tri
wal move pic via convoy
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Italy: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Turkey: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
France: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
spa/sc move por
tri move bud
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Fleet nap
remove nrg
build Army rom
remove spa/sc
remove yor
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
bal move ber
bel move bur
bud move tri
bur move mun
con move aeg
eas support aeg move ion
eng move bre
gal move war
gas support eng move bre
gre support aeg move ion
ion move adr
kie move mun
lvn move war
mar move spa
mos support gal move war
nap move apu
nth move eng
nwy move stp/nc
par move bre
pic support bel move bur
por move spa/sc
rom support nap move apu
ruh support kie move mun
ser support bud move tri
sev move ukr
sil support bur move mun
tri move tyr
tun move ion
tys move gol
ven support tri move tyr
vie support bud move tri
wes support por move spa
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Italy: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Italy: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support eas move ion
apu move adr
bur support pic move par
eas move ion
eng move nth
gas support pic move par
gre support eas move ion
ion move apu
kie move mun
lvn move stp
gol move mar
mar support par move bur
mos support war move lvn
par move bur
pic move par
rom support tys move nap
ruh support kie move mun
ser support tri
sil move boh
spa/sc support gol move mar
stp/nc move nwy
tri support vie move tyr
tun hold
tyr move tri
tys move nap
ukr move war
ven support tyr move tri
vie move tyr
war move lvn
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army/dislodged mar
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
mar move pie
tyr move pie
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army lon
build Army lvp
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg support ion
apu support tys move ion
boh move tyr
bre move mid
bur support mun
con move bul
eas support ion
gas move mar
gre support ion
ion support adr
lon move den via convoy
lvn support mos move stp
lvp move yor
mar move gol
mos move stp
mun move tyr
nap support tys move ion
nth convoy lon move den
nwy support stp
par move pic
rom support ven
ruh move kie
ser move bud
spa/sc move wes
stp hold
tri support boh move tyr
tun support tys move ion
tyr move pie
tys move ion
ven support mun move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
Turkey: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support pie move ven
aeg support ion
apu move adr
ber move bal
boh move tyr
bud move vie
bul move ser
bur support mun
den move kie
eas support ion
gre support ion
ion support adr
kie move ber
lvn support mos move stp
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun support kie move ber
nap support tys move ion
nth convoy yor move den
nwy support stp
pic move bel
pie move ven
rom support ven
sil move mun
tri support pie move ven
tun support tys move ion
tys move ion
ven hold
wes move spa/sc
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
Turkey: army/dislodged pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
pie move tus
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lon
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tus move ven
aeg support eas move ion
apu support ven
bal support ber move pru
bel move ruh
ber move pru
bur move mun
den move kie
eas move ion
gre support eas move ion
ion move apu
kie move ber
lon move hol via convoy
lvn move war
gol move tus
mos move stp
mun move tyr
nap support apu
nth convoy lon move hol
nwy support stp
pie support ven
rom support ven
ser move bud
sil move mun
spa/sc hold
stp move lvn
tri support tus move ven
tun move ion
tus move ven
tyr support tus move ven
tys support gol move tus
ven support mun move tyr
vie support tyr
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg support ion
apu move adr
bal move bot
ber move sil
bud move gal
bur support mun
eas support ion
gre support ion
hol move kie
ion support adr
kie move ber
lvn move mos
mun support ber move sil
nap support tys move ion
nth move den
nwy hold
pie support ven
pru move war
rom support ven
sil support war
spa/sc hold
stp move mos
tri hold
tun support tys move ion
tus move tys
tyr move boh
tys move ion
ven hold
vie support tyr move boh
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
remove ruh
build Army smy
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg support ion
ank move arm
apu move adr
ber move sil
boh support vie
bot move stp/sc
bur support mun
con move bul
den move swe
eas support ion
gal support war
gre support ion
ion hold
kie move ber
lvn support sil move war
mun support pie move tyr
nap support tys move ion
nwy support bot move stp
pie move tyr
pru support sil move war
rom move tus
sil move war
smy move con
spa/sc hold
stp move mos
tri move ven
tun support tys move ion
tus move gol
tys move ion
ven support pie move tyr
vie support boh
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
England: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
Turkey: army/dislodged war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
war move ukr
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
England: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg support ion
apu move ven
arm move sev
boh move vie
bul move rum
con move bul
eas support ion
gal move war
gre support ion
ion support adr
lvn support war
gol move mar
mos hold
mun move boh
nap support tys move ion
nwy move nth
pru support war
sil support mun move boh
spa/sc move por
swe move den
tri support boh move vie
tun support tys move ion
tus support apu move ven
tyr support mun move boh
tys move ion
ukr support mos
ven move pie
vie move bud
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
England: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove bul
build Army edi
build Army lon
remove rum
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
England: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg support ion
ber move mun
boh move gal
bud support gal
bur move mar
den move nth
eas support ion
edi move yor
gal support ukr
gre support ion
ion support adr
lvn support war
mid support tys move wes
mar move gol
mos support ukr
nap move apu
nth move eng
pie support ven
por move spa/sc
pru support war
sev support mos
sil support boh move gal
tri support vie
tun support tys move ion
tus move rom
tyr move vie
tys move wes
ukr support mos
ven support nap move apu
vie support gal
war support boh move gal
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
gal move rum
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg support eas move ion
apu support ven move adr
bud move vie
eas move ion
eng convoy lon move bre
gal move rum
gre support eas move ion
ion move tys
lon move bre via convoy
lvn support war
gol support spa/sc move wes
mid move spa/sc
mos hold
nth convoy yor move bel
pie move ven
pru support war
rom move nap
rum move bud
sev support mos
sil support war
spa/sc move wes
tri support bud move vie
tun hold
tyr move pie
ukr support mos
ven move adr
vie move boh
wes move gol
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet/dislodged adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
adr disband
wes move mid
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
remove gol
remove wes
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg support ion
apu move nap
bel move ruh
boh move gal
bre move gas
bud move ser
edi move nwy via convoy
eng convoy lon move bel
gre move bul/sc
ion hold
lon move bel via convoy
lvn support pru move war
mid move por
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun move boh
nap move rom
nth convoy edi move nwy
pie move tyr
pru move war
rum move bul
sev move rum
sil support mun move boh
spa/sc move gol
tri hold
tun hold
tys move rom
ukr support sev move rum
ven support adr move tri
vie support tri
war move gal
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Italy: army/dislodged rum
Italy: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
rum move bud
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr support bud move tri
aeg support ion
apu support ven
boh move gal
bud move tri
eng move mid
gas move mar
gre support ion
ion support tys
lvn support nwy move stp
mos support ukr move war
nap move rom
nth move eng
nwy move stp
pie move tyr
ruh move mun
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sil support boh move gal
stp/sc move bot
tri support vie
tun hold
tyr move boh
tys support ion
ukr move war
ven support bud move tri
vie support tri
war support boh move gal
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Turkey: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
tri move ser
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army ank
build Army lon
build Army lvp
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
ank move arm
apu move nap
bel move ruh
boh move vie
bot move lvn
bud support vie move tri
eng convoy lon move bel
gal support boh move vie
gre support ion
ion support tys move tun
lon move bel via convoy
lvn move mos
lvp move wal
gol support mid move wes
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos support war
mun move boh
por move mid
pru move war
rom support apu move nap
rum move gal
ser support vie move tri
sil support pru move war
smy move eas
stp support lvn move mos
tri support ven
tun hold
tyr support boh move vie
tys move tun
ven support tri
vie move tri
war support mos
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
England: army mos
Turkey: army/dislodged mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
England: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
England: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
England: army war
Turkey: army/dislodged war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move sev
tri move alb
tun move naf
war move ukr
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: supply mar
England: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
England: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
England: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
England: army wal
England: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
arm support sev
bel move ruh
bud support tri
eas support ion
eng convoy wal move bel
gal support war move ukr
gre support ion
ion support tun
gol move tys
mid move naf
naf move tun
nap hold
pie support tyr move ven
rom support ven
ruh move mun
rum support bud
ser support tri
sev support ukr move mos
sil move war
stp support mos
tri hold
tun hold
tyr move ven
ukr move mos
ven support alb move tri
wal move bel via convoy
war move ukr
wes support mid move naf
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
England: army tyr
England: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
England: army vie
England: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
