PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move pic
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move tus
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bot move swe
bud move rum
bul move rum
den move swe
ion move tun
kie move hol
mun move ruh
nth move ska
nrg move nwy
par move bur
pic move bel
rum move sev
ser support bud move rum
spa move mar
stp move nwy
ukr support rum move sev
yor move lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move ank
bel move nth
bla move con
bot move swe
bud move rum
bul move gre
bur move mar
den move swe
gre support rum move bul
hol support ruh move bel
kie move ruh
mar move spa
mun move bur
nap move tys
nrg move nwy
par move bur
pie move mar
ruh move bel
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev hold
ska support nrg move nwy
stp move fin
tri move alb
tun move wes
tus move pie
ukr support sev
vie move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ion
ank move con
bel support ruh move bur
bot move swe
bul support ser move rum
bur move mar
con move aeg
den support ska move swe
fin support bot move swe
gal move war
gre move aeg
hol support bel
mun support ruh move bur
nth move edi
nwy support ska move swe
par move pic
pie move mar
ruh move bur
rum move sev
ser move rum
sev move bla
ska move swe
spa move mar
tus move pie
tys move gol
ukr move rum
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move gas
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bla
remove bot
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet mar
build Fleet smy
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bel move pic
bud move gal
bul move con
bur support pie move mar
con move aeg
den hold
edi move nrg
fin move stp
gas move mar
gre move aeg
hol move bel
ion move eas
kie move ruh
lon move yor
lvp move nat
gol support pie move mar
mar move spa/sc
mun support bur
nwy move bar
pic move par
pie move mar
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
smy move eas
spa move por
swe move bot
tri move alb
tus move pie
ukr move rum
vie move tri
war move mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Russia: army/dislodged ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ukr move war
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move ion
ank move con
bar move nwy
bel move bur
bot move stp/sc
bul move con
bur move par
con move aeg
den hold
gal support ukr move war
gas move bre
gre support ion move aeg
ion move aeg
gol move spa/sc
mar support gol move spa
mos support bot move stp
mun move sil
nrg move edi
par support gas move bre
pic support bur move par
pie move ven
por move spa
ruh move kie
sev move arm
smy move eas
stp support war move mos
tri move alb
ukr move war
war move mos
wes support gol move spa
yor move edi
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
par move gas
war disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove gas
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb move tri
ank move arm
arm support aeg move smy
bot move stp/sc
bre move par
bul move con
bur move mun
con support eas move smy
den move nth
eas move smy
gre move aeg
ion move eas
kie move ber
mar move spa
mos support bot move stp
mun move tyr
nat move nrg
nap move ion
nrg move nth
nwy support bot move stp
par move bre
pic support par move bre
por move spa
rom move ven
sil move boh
spa/sc move mid
ven move tri
vie support alb move tri
wes move tun
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
France: army/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bre move gas
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move arm
arm move ank
ber move pru
boh move vie
bre hold
bul support aeg move con
con move aeg
den move swe
eas move smy
gal move boh
gas move spa
gre support ion
ion hold
mid move por
mar move spa
mos move lvn
mun move sil
nat move nrg
nap move ion
nrg move cly
nwy support nat move nrg
pic move par
por support gas move spa
rom move ven
tri move ven
tun support nap move ion
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
con move bla
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
remove bla
build Army bud
remove cly
remove gas
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ank support smy move con
arm support con move ank
ber move bal
boh support ven move tyr
bre move par
bud move gal
bul move con
con move ank
edi move yor
gal move boh
gre support ion
ion hold
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvn move pru
mid support mar move spa
mar move spa
mun move sil
nap support tun move ion
nrg move nwy
nwy move ska
par move bur
por move spa
pru support mun move sil
rom move ven
smy move con
swe move ska
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr move mun
ven move tyr
vie move tyr
war support lvn move pru
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Germany: army/dislodged pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
pru move ber
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
arm move ank
bal move den
ber support sil move pru
boh move vie
bud move rum
bul support ank move con
bur move ruh
gal move vie
gre move ion
hol move bel
ion move adr
mid support spa move por
mun support ven move tyr
nap move apu
nth move bel
nrg move nth
par move bre
por move spa
pru move lvn
rom move ven
sil move pru
smy move con
spa move por
stp/sc move bot
swe support bal move den
tri support vie move tyr
tun move ion
ven move tyr
vie move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
ank move smy
apu support nap move ion
ber move sil
boh move tyr
bot move swe
bre move pic
bud move vie
bul move ser
con support ank move smy
den support swe
gal support sil move war
gre move ion
hol move nth
lvn support sil move war
mid move eng
mun support boh move tyr
nap move ion
nth move eng
nrg move nth
nwy support bot move swe
por move spa
pru move lvn
rom support ven
ruh move bel
rum move ukr
sil move war
smy move con
swe support den
tri support vie move tyr
tun support nap move ion
ven support boh move tyr
vie move tyr
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
smy move aeg
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move gre
apu support ion move adr
bel move ruh
boh move tyr
bot move swe
bud move rum
con move aeg
den support swe
gal move boh
gre support con move aeg
hol move bel
ion move adr
lvn move pru
mid move eng
mun support boh move tyr
nth move den
nrg move nat
nwy support bot move swe
pic support hol move bel
pru move war
rom support ven
ser move bul
sil support pru move war
smy hold
spa move mar
swe support den
tri move ven
tun move ion
ukr support war
ven support boh move tyr
vie support gal move boh
war support lvn move pru
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet/dislodged adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Germany: army/dislodged pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg move eas
pru move ber
swe move fin
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove eas
build Fleet edi
remove pic
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg support alb move ion
alb move ion
apu support ion
bel move nth
ber support sil
boh support war move sil
bud support tri
bul move ser
den support bel move nth
edi move nth
eng move mid
fin move stp/sc
gre support alb move ion
ion hold
mar move pie
mun move kie
nat move iri
nth move hel
nwy support swe
pru support war move sil
rom move tus
ruh move hol
rum move gal
sil support ber
swe support nwy
tri hold
tyr move mun
ukr move mos
ven move tri
vie support tri
war move sil
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg support alb move ion
alb move ion
apu support ion move adr
ber support mun
boh move mun
bud move rum
edi move nth
gal move sil
gre support alb move ion
hel move den
ion support adr move alb
iri move eng
kie support den
mid move eng
mos move stp
mun support ber
nth move nwy
nwy support edi move nth
pie move tyr
pru support sil move ber
ser support tri
sil move ber
swe support hel move den
tri support vie move tyr
tus support ven
ven support pie move tyr
vie move tyr
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ion move tun
nth move yor
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove lon
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move ion
apu move nap
ber move kie
boh support sil move mun
bud support tri
den support kie
gre support aeg move ion
hel support swe move den
hol support kie
ion move tys
iri move eng
kie support den
mid move eng
mos move stp
mun support kie
nth move bel
pie move tyr
pru move sil
rum move gal
ser move alb
sil move mun
stp/sc hold
swe move den
tri support vie move tyr
tun support alb move ion
tus move rom
ven support pie move tyr
vie move tyr
yor move nth
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
den move bal
mun move bur
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move ion
bal support kie move den
bel support hel move hol
ber support mun move kie
boh move mun
bud move rum
bur move par
den support mun move kie
gal move boh
gre support aeg move ion
hel move hol
hol move edi via convoy
iri move eng
kie move den
mid move wes
mos move stp
mun move kie
nap support alb move ion
nth convoy hol move edi
nwy move swe
pie move mar
rom support ven
ser support tri
sil support boh move mun
stp/sc hold
tri support vie move tyr
tun support alb move ion
tys move gol
vie move tyr
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
England: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move hel
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet lvp
remove stp/sc
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support den move swe
ber move kie
boh support vie move tyr
den move swe
edi move lvp
eng move bre
gre support aeg move ion
hel support hol move nth
hol move nth
ion hold
kie move ruh
gol support tyr move pie
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun move bur
nap move apu
par move bre
rom support ven
rum move bul
sil move ber
swe support kie move den
tri move ven
tun support ion
tyr move pie
ven support mar move pie
vie move tyr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
nth move nrg
swe move nwy
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu support ven
bal move swe
boh move mun
bud move gal
bur move gas
edi hold
eng move bre
gre support aeg move ion
hel move den
ion support apu
kie move den
gol move tus
mar support par move bur
nth support nwy
nrg support swe move nwy
par hold
pie support tyr move ven
rom support ven
ruh move hol
spa/sc support mar
swe move nwy
tri support tyr move ven
tun support ion
tyr move ven
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
