PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lvp move yor
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move tys
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move bud
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
arm move sev
bot move swe
bud move rum
bul move gre
kie move hol
nth move nwy
pie move mar
ruh move bel
ser support bud move rum
sev hold
stp move nwy
tys move tun
ven move pie
war move ukr
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet tri
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move sev
bel move pic
ber move sil
bla support con move bul
bud support rum
bul move gre
con move bul/ec
den move ska
hol move ruh
kie move hel
lon move eng
mun move tyr
nap move tys
nth move nwy
rum support sev
ser support alb move gre
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move alb
tun move wes
ukr support sev
war move gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ion
arm move smy
bla move rum
bud support rum
bul support bla move rum
con move aeg
gal support ukr move rum
gre support ser move bul
hel support ska move nth
lon move bre via convoy
nth move nwy
ruh move bur
rum support ser move bul
sev support ukr move rum
sil move war
ska move nth
tys move wes
ukr move rum
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: army nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet edi
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ber move pru
bla move bul/ec
bud support vie move gal
bul move ser
bur move par
edi move nrg
eng support pic move bre
gal move war
gre move bul/sc
hel move nth
ion move gre
lon move yor
mos support gal move war
nap move tys
nth move ska
nwy move den
pic support bur move par
pie move mar
rum hold
ser support bud
sev support rum
smy move con
spa/sc support pie move mar
swe move bal
tyr move mun
vie move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
mar disband
par disband
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
bal move pru
bla support con move bul
bud support ser
bul move gre
con move bul
eng support nrg move nth
gal move rum
gre support ion move aeg
ion move aeg
mos support war
mun move bur
nth move nwy
nrg move nth
nwy move den
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
pru move ber
rum move gal
ser support gre
sev support rum
sil move mun
ska support nth move nwy
spa/sc move por
tys move ion
ven move pie
war support bal move pru
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
nwy move swe
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ber move sil
bla support sev move rum
bud support gal
bul support rum move ser
con support bul
eng move bre
gal support bud
gre support ion move aeg
ion move aeg
kie move ber
mos move sev
mun move boh
nap move ion
nth support yor move nwy
nwy support ska move swe
par move gas
rom move tys
rum move ser
ser support gre
sev move rum
ska move swe
swe support nth move nwy
tys move wes
war move gal
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army/dislodged swe
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move eas
ser move tri
swe move fin
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
ber move sil
bla move con
boh move vie
bre hold
bud support tri move ser
bul support ser move gre
bur support gas
con move smy
eas move aeg
eng move bre
fin move stp
gal move vie
gas support bur
gre move alb
ion move alb
mid move nat
nth move nwy
nwy move nth
pie support mar
por move mid
pru hold
rum move sev
ser move gre
sev move rum
sil move mun
tri move ser
tys move gol
war hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
ber support sil move pru
boh move vie
bre support gas
bud move vie
bul support rum
bur move mar
con support eas move aeg
eas move aeg
eng convoy yor move por
gal support bud move vie
gas support bur move mar
gre move bul/sc
ion move eas
kie move hol
gol support mar
mid move spa/nc
mun move tyr
nat move nrg
nth move nwy
nwy support swe
pie move tyr
pru move bal
rum move bla
ser support gre move bul
sev move rum
sil move boh
smy move ank
spa/sc move mid
stp move mos
swe support nwy
war support gal
yor move por
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet/dislodged aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support rum move bul
ank move smy
bal hold
ber move mun
bla support rum move bul
boh support sil move gal
bul/sc support bla move con
bur support gas move mar
con support rum move bul
eng convoy yor move por
gal move boh
gas move mar
gre move aeg
hol move bel
gol support mar
mid move spa/nc
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nth move nwy
nrg move edi
nwy move nrg
pie move tyr
rum move bul
ser support bul/sc
sil move gal
spa/sc move mid
swe move ska
vie support pie move tyr
war hold
yor move por via convoy
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Italy: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
gal move rum
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove bel
build Army bud
build Army tri
build Army ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ber move sil
bla move sev
boh support mun
bre move par
bud move gal
bul move ser
bur support gas move mar
con move smy
eas move ion
edi move nth
eng move nth
gas move mar
gre support rum move bul
gol move wes
mid hold
mun move tyr
nrg support ska move nwy
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
ska move nwy
smy move ank
spa/sc support mar
tri support vie
ukr move rum
ven move pie
vie support bud move gal
yor move edi
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: army/dislodged bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army/dislodged gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bul move con
gal move ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support ank move con
ank move con
boh move tyr
bul support gal move rum
bur move mar
con support rum move bul
gal move rum
gas support bur move mar
gre support bul
mid move nat
mun support boh move tyr
nrg support nwy
par support gas
pie support mar
rum move bul
ser support gal move rum
sev move rum
sil move boh
smy support ank move con
spa/sc move mid
tri move bud
vie support tyr
war support ukr move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army mos
build Army tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support smy move eas
boh move tyr
bud move gal
bul support rum
bur move mar
con support bul
gas support bur move mar
gre support bul
mid move bre
mos move sev
mun support boh move tyr
nat move lvp
nwy move nth
par move bur
pie support mar
rum support bud move gal
ser support rum
sev move bla
sil support mun
smy move eas
tri support tyr
ukr move gal
vie support bud move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
ber move kie
bla support sev move rum
boh move tyr
bul support rum
bur support mun
con move ank
eas move aeg
eng move bre
gal support rum
gas move bre
gre move aeg
mar move spa
mun support bur
nth support yor move edi
nrg move nat
par support gas move bre
pie move mar
rum support bul
ser support rum
sev move rum
sil support boh
spa/sc move mid
tri move bud
vie support tyr
yor move edi
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Italy: fleet/dislodged bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
Italy: fleet/dislodged edi
Italy: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move pic
edi move nrg
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support con
bla support sev move rum
boh move gal
bre support par
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur support par
con support eas move aeg
eas move aeg
edi move lvp
eng move iri
gal support rum move ukr
gre move aeg
ion support gre move aeg
kie support mun
mid support spa move gas
mar support spa move gas
nat support nth move nrg
nth move nrg
nrg move nwy
par support bur
pic move bel
rum move ukr
ser support bud move rum
sev move rum
sil support boh move gal
spa move gas
ukr support sev move rum
vie support tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Italy: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Italy: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support con
bel move hol
bla support ukr move rum
bre move gas
bud support vie move gal
bul support rum
bur move bel
con support eas move aeg
eas move aeg
edi move lvp
gal support ukr move rum
gre move aeg
ion support gre move aeg
iri support edi move lvp
kie support mun
mid support gas
mar support gas
nat move nrg
nrg move nwy
par support bre move gas
rum support vie move gal
ser support rum
sev support ukr move rum
sil move boh
ukr move rum
vie move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army/dislodged gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
Italy: fleet/dislodged lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Italy: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move sil
lvp move wal
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
remove nat
remove ukr
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bal move bot
bel support kie move hol
bla support sev move rum
boh move tyr
bre move gas
bud support rum
bul move con
con move bla
eas move aeg
gal move boh
gas move par
gre move aeg
ion support gre move aeg
kie move hol
mid support wal move eng
mar move bur
mun support boh move tyr
nrg move edi
par support bre move gas
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move rum
tyr support gal move boh
ven move pie
vie support gal move boh
wal move eng
war move gal
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: army/dislodged gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Italy: fleet/dislodged hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gas move spa
hol move nth
tyr move ven
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul
ank move smy
bel support hol
bla move sev
boh move mun
bot move fin
bud support rum
bul support rum
bur support boh move mun
con move aeg
eas support con move aeg
eng move bre
gal support mun move boh
gas support par move bur
ion support aeg
iri move eng
lon support iri move eng
lvp move edi
mid support eng move bre
mun support sil move boh
nth move den
nwy move swe
par move bur
pie move mar
ser move tri
sev move ukr
sil support mun
spa move mar
ven move tyr
vie support ven move tyr
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Italy: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move ruh
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Italy: fleet den
Italy: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: fleet swe
Italy: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove eng
build Fleet nap
build Army ven
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Italy: fleet den
Italy: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: fleet swe
Italy: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
bel move pic
boh support bud move gal
bud move gal
bul move con
bur move mar
con move bul/sc
den move nth
eas move smy
fin move stp/sc
gal move bud
gas move bre
hol move kie
ion move eas
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mun support sil
nap move tys
pie move mar
ruh move kie
rum support bud move gal
sev support ukr move rum
sil support mun
smy move ank
spa support pie move mar
tri move ser
tyr support boh
ukr move rum
ven move pie
vie support bud move gal
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Italy: fleet den
Italy: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Italy: fleet swe
Italy: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move bla
gal move war
rum move bul
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Italy: fleet den
Italy: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Italy: fleet swe
Italy: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move arm
bla move sev
boh support ruh move mun
bul support gal move rum
bur support gas
con move ank
den move kie
gal move rum
gas move bre
hol move kie
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mid support bre
mar support spa move gas
mun support sil move boh
pic support gas move bre
pie support mar
ruh move mun
rum move bul
ser support gal move rum
sev support rum
sil move boh
smy move syr
spa move gas
swe move nwy
tyr support ruh move mun
tys move wes
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Italy: fleet den
Italy: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Germany: army/dislodged gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Italy: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gas move par
rum move ukr
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Italy: fleet den
Italy: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Italy: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
remove syr
build Army tri
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Italy: fleet den
Italy: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Italy: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bla support ank move arm
boh move sil
bre hold
bud move gal
bul move rum
bur move mun
con move smy
den support nwy move nth
eas move ion
gal support ukr
gas support mar move bur
hol move ruh
mid support bre
mar move bur
mun support mar move bur
nwy move nth
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
pie move mar
rum move ukr
ser support bul move rum
sev move rum
sil support bur move mun
tri move bud
tyr support mun
ukr support gal
ven move pie
vie support bud move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Austria: supply con
Italy: fleet den
Italy: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Italy: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Italy: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move bel
gal move war
nth move lon
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Italy: fleet den
Italy: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Italy: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move pic
bla support rum move sev
boh move sil
bud move gal
bul hold
bur move par
den move kie
edi move nth
gal move ukr
gas support bur move par
ion move tys
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mid move eng
mar move bur
mun support den move kie
nth move hol
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
pie move mar
ruh support sil move mun
rum support arm move sev
ser move bud
sev hold
sil move mun
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
tyr support mun
ukr support sev
vie support bud move gal
war support ukr
wes move mid
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Italy: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet kie
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
remove edi
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
remove sil
build Army tri
build Army ven
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Italy: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet kie
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel support ruh move hol
boh support vie move tyr
bot move swe
bre move eng
bud move vie
bul move gre
bur support par move pic
eng move nth
gal move sil
gas move par
hol support eng move nth
kie move den
mid support bre move eng
mun move ber
nap move tys
par move pic
pic move bur
rom move ven
ruh move hol
rum move ukr
ser move bud
sev support rum move ukr
smy move aeg
tri move ven
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr move mos
ven move tyr
vie move tyr
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Italy: fleet den
Italy: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Italy: fleet/dislodged hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Germany: army/dislodged pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Italy: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
hol move hel
pic move bre
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Italy: fleet den
Italy: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Italy: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel support hol
ber support mun
boh move mun
bud move tri
bur support mun
den move swe
eng support pic move bel
hel move kie
hol move kie
lon hold
lvp move edi
mid support par move bre
mar move pie
mos support war
nth move edi
par move bre
pic move bel
rom support ven
sev move mos
sil support boh move mun
tri move alb
tyr support boh move mun
tys move ion
ukr move war
ven support mar move pie
vie move tri
war support mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Germany: army/dislodged bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Italy: fleet den
Italy: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Italy: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
bre move pic
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Italy: fleet den
Italy: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove pic
build Army stp
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Italy: fleet den
Italy: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support bud move tri
bel move hol
ber support mun
boh support tyr move mun
bre move pic
bud move tri
bur support mun
den move swe
hel move kie
hol move kie
lon hold
lvp move edi
mid move wes
mos support war
nth support bel move hol
pie support rom move ven
rom move ven
ruh move bur
sev move arm
sil move ber
stp support mos
swe move nwy
tri move adr
tun support tys move ion
tyr move mun
tys move ion
ukr move sev
ven move tyr
vie move tyr
war support mos
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Italy: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Italy: supply den
England: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet hel
Italy: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Italy: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy tri move apu
aeg move ion
alb move tri
arm move syr
ber support bur move mun
boh move tyr
bur move mun
edi hold
eng support nth move lon
gre hold
hel move kie
hol support hel move kie
ion move eas
lon hold
mos support war
mun support boh move tyr
nth move lon
nwy hold
pic move bel
pie support ven
rom move apu
ruh move kie
sev hold
sil support mun
stp support nwy
tri move apu via convoy
tun move ion
ven support rom move apu
vie move tri
war support mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Italy: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet kie
Italy: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Italy: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lon move yor
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Italy: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet kie
Italy: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Italy: fleet swe
Italy: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
remove ruh
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Italy: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet kie
Italy: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Italy: fleet swe
Italy: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support adr move ion
apu support ven
bel move wal via convoy
bud move gal
bur support hol move ruh
eas move smy
edi move lvp
eng convoy bel move wal
gre move bul
hol move ruh
kie support ber
lon move nth
mun move ber
nap move ion
pie support ven
rom move tus
sev hold
sil support mun move ber
stp support nwy
syr move smy
tri support vie move tyr
tun support nap move ion
tyr move mun
tys support nap move ion
vie move tyr
yor move lon
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Italy: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
Italy: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet kie
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Italy: fleet swe
Italy: supply swe
Austria: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support adr move ion
alb move gre
apu support ven
ber support bur move mun
bul move gre
bur move mun
eas support ion move aeg
eng support wal move lon
gal support sil move war
ion move aeg
lon support lvp move wal
lvp move wal
mos support war
mun move sil
nth hold
pie move tyr
ruh support bur move mun
sev move mos
sil move war
syr move smy
tri support tyr
tun support tys move ion
tus support ven
tyr support tri
tys move ion
ven support pie move tyr
vie move boh
wal move lon
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet/dislodged aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Italy: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Italy: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet kie
Italy: supply kie
Italy: army lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
Italy: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Italy: fleet swe
Italy: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
lon move yor
war move lvn
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Italy: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Italy: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet kie
Italy: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Italy: fleet swe
Italy: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
remove nwy
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Italy: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Italy: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet kie
Italy: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Italy: fleet swe
Italy: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr hold
alb move gre
apu move rom
ber support mun
boh support tyr
bul support alb move gre
con support smy
eng support lon
gal move ukr
ion support nap move apu
kie hold
lvn support mos
mos support lvn
mun hold
nap move apu
pie support ven
ruh support mun
sev support gal move ukr
sil move pru
smy support con
stp support mos
swe move bal
tri support tyr
tun move tys
tus support ven
tyr support boh
wal move lon
war support sil move pru
yor support wal move lon
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: fleet bal
Italy: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Italy: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet kie
Italy: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Italy: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move alb
apu move ion
boh support tyr
bul support gre
con support smy
eng support lon
ion move alb
kie move hel
lvn support mos
mos support lvn
mun hold
nth move nwy
pie support ven
pru move lvn
rom move apu
ruh support mun
sev support war move mos
stp support mos
tri support tyr
tus support ven
tys support apu move ion
ukr support war move mos
ven hold
wal move lon
war move mos
yor support wal move lon
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Italy: fleet bal
Italy: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Italy: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet hel
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Italy: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
