PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move pic
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
ven move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla move rum
bot move swe
bul support rum
bur hold
den move swe
kie move ber
nth support yor move den
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
rom support ven
ruh move hol
rum support ukr move sev
sil move ber
spa hold
tys move tun
ukr move sev
ven move tri
yor move den
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Army nap
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
ber move bal
bla support arm
bot move swe
bre move pic
bul move rum
bur move ruh
den move swe
kie move ruh
lon hold
mar move pie
mun move tyr
nap move apu
nth convoy yor move nwy
nwy move ska
rom support ven
rum support sev move bla
sev move bla
sil move gal
smy move aeg
spa move por
tun move wes
ukr support rum
ven hold
yor move nwy
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: fleet pie
France: army por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
apu support ven
arm support sev
bal move swe
bel hold
bla move sev
bot move swe
bul move ser
bur move ruh
den support bal move swe
gal move vie
hol hold
kie support den
lon move nth
nth move den
nwy move stp
pic move bel
pie move gol
por move spa
rom support ven
rum support sev
sev support rum
ska support nth move den
tyr support gal move vie
ukr support sev
ven hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Army edi
build Army mar
build Army par
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu support ven
arm move sev
bal move den
bel move hol
bot support bal move swe
bre move mid
con move bul
den move nth
gre move ion
hol support kie move ruh
kie move ruh
gol move wes
nth convoy edi move nwy
pic move bel
por move spa
rom move tus
ruh support bel move hol
rum support sev
sev support rum
ska move swe
smy move aeg
stp move mos
tyr move mun
ukr move mos
ven move tri
vie move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move ven
arm move sev
bal move swe
bel move hol
bla support sev
bot support bal move swe
bul move rum
den move nth
gal move war
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie move ruh
gol move spa/sc
mid support gol move spa/sc
mun support kie move ruh
nth support bel move hol
pic move bel
por support gol move spa/sc
ruh support bel move hol
rum support sev
ser support rum
sev support rum
stp hold
swe hold
tus move pie
ukr move mos
ven move tyr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
France: army/dislodged ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ruh move bur
swe move nwy
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army kie
remove wes
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel move hol
bla support arm move sev
bot move stp/sc
bul move rum
bur move ruh
den move nth
hol support kie move ruh
ion move nap
kie move ruh
lon move nth
mid move wes
mos support bot move stp/sc
mun support ruh move bur
nth move nrg
pic move bel
pie move mar
por move spa
ruh move bur
rum support sev
ser support bul move rum
sev support rum
spa/sc move wes
swe move nwy
tun move tys
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move par
stp move fin
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
bur move pic
den support swe
fin move nwy
gal move ukr
hol move bel
mid move wes
mos support stp/sc
nrg support nwy move nth
nwy move nth
par hold
pic move eng
por move spa
ruh support hol move bel
spa/sc move mar
swe hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
remove edi
build Fleet kie
build Army rom
build Army smy
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel support kie move hol
bla support sev
con move bul
den hold
eng support par move bre
kie move hol
lon support nth
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun support ruh move bur
nap move tys
nth hold
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
par move bre
pic move bre
por move spa
rom move nap
ruh move bur
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev hold
smy move con
spa/sc move wes
stp/sc hold
swe hold
tri move bud
tys move wes
ukr support mos move sev
ven support rom
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla move con
bre hold
bud support ser move tri
bul move rum
bur support pic move par
con move bul
den support hol move nth
eng support bre
gal move rum
hol move nth
mar hold
mos move sev
mun support bur
nap move tys
nth support nwy
nrg move bar
nwy hold
pic move par
por move spa
rom hold
ser move tri
sev move ukr
spa/sc move wes
tri hold
tys move wes
ukr support gal move rum
ven support tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move edi
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bar move nrg
bel move pic
ber move sil
bud support ser move tri
bul move rum
bur support bel move pic
con move bul
den move bal
edi support lon move nth
gal support tri move bud
lon move nth
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun move boh
nth move nwy
par support bel move pic
rom hold
ser move tri
smy move aeg
spa/sc move mar
swe support nth move nwy
tri move bud
ukr support mos move sev
ven support rom
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Turkey: army/dislodged bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army/dislodged nwy
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move fin
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm move sev
bal move den
boh move vie
bud move tri
bul move ser
bur support pie move mar
edi move nth
gal move vie
mar move gol
nap move tys
nth move hol
nrg move nwy
nwy hold
par move bre
pic support par move bre
pie move mar
rom hold
rum support arm move sev
sev move rum
sil move war
swe support nwy
tri move vie
tys move wes
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tri
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
France: army/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move bul
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh support mun move tyr
bre move gas
bud hold
bur support bre move gas
den support nwy move nth
eng move lon
fin move nwy
gal support ukr move war
hol move bel
kie move hol
gol move tys
mar move spa
mun move tyr
nth support fin move nwy
nrg support fin move nwy
nwy move nth
pic move bel
rom move nap
stp/sc move lvn
swe support den
ukr move war
ven move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
nth move edi
war move mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh support tyr move vie
bud move ser
bur move mar
den move nth
edi support hol move nth
gal move vie
gas support bur move mar
hol move nth
kie support nth move hol
lon hold
lvn move pru
gol move wes
mos hold
nth move hol
nrg support hol move nth
pic move bel
swe move nwy
tyr move vie
ven move tri
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
nth move hel
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army rom
remove rum
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bel support hel move hol
ber hold
boh support vie
bud move ser
bul move rum
den move swe
edi move nth
gas move spa
hel move hol
kie move bal
lon move wal
gol move tus
mar support gas move spa
mos hold
nap move rom
nth move lon
pru move ber
rom move tus
ser move bud
sev move ukr
spa move por
swe move bot
tri support ser move bud
ven move tri
vie hold
war move sil
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber
bel hold
ber hold
boh move mun
bot move stp/sc
bud move tri
gal move war
hol move nth
gol move wes
mar support spa
mos support bot move stp/sc
nap move rom
nth move den
pru move ber
rom move tus
sil support pru move ber
spa hold
swe move den
ven move tri
wal move lvp
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army kie
remove gol
remove nrg
remove pru
remove sil
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move swe
ber move pru
bla hold
bud move ser
con move bul
ion move nap
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mos hold
mun move tyr
nth convoy nwy move den
por hold
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev move mos
stp/sc hold
swe move ska
tus move pie
tys move gol
ukr support sev move mos
ven move tri
vie support mun move tyr
war hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Italy: army/dislodged bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Germany: army/dislodged mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mos move lvn
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla move con
bud move vie
bul move rum
eng move bre
hol move nth
iri move lvp
lvn move war
gol move mar
mos support ukr move war
nap move tys
nth convoy nwy move edi
pie move tyr
pru support lvn move war
rom move nap
ska support swe move nwy
stp/sc hold
swe move nwy
tri support bud move vie
tyr move tri
ukr move war
ven move tri
vie support tyr move tri
war move mos
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army/dislodged nwy
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move fin
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet kie
build Army smy
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bud move vie
con move aeg
den move swe
fin move nwy
hol move nth
kie move hel
lvn support pru move war
lvp move cly
gol move mar
mid move bre
mar support spa
mos support ukr move war
nap move apu
nth support fin move nwy
nwy support hol move nth
pie hold
por hold
pru move war
rum move gal
ser move bud
ska support den move swe
smy move ank
spa hold
tri support bud move vie
tyr support ven move tri
tys move wes
ukr move war
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Turkey: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri move alb
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
ank move arm
apu move ven
arm move sev
bre move mid
bud move vie
cly move edi
gal support bud move vie
hel move nth
hol support hel move nth
lvn move war
gol support wes move spa/sc
mid support wes move spa/sc
mar support spa
mos support ukr move war
pie hold
por support spa
pru support lvn move war
ser support alb move tri
ska move den
spa hold
stp/sc support swe move fin
swe move fin
tri hold
tyr support tri
ukr move war
vie support tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Germany: army/dislodged vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
nth disband
vie move boh
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove fin
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move tri
arm move sev
bel move pic
boh move sil
den support hol move nth
edi move cly
gal support ukr move war
hol move nth
ion move tys
lvn move mos
gol support wes move spa/sc
mid support wes move spa/sc
mar support spa
mos support ukr move war
nap move ion
nth move lon
nwy move nrg
pie move ven
por support spa
pru support war
ser support alb move tri
sev move ukr
spa hold
tri move bud
tyr move boh
ukr move war
ven move tri
vie support alb move tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
boh move vie
bud move tri
cly move edi
den move nth
gal support ukr move war
ion move aeg
lvn support sil move war
gol support wes move spa/sc
mid support wes move spa/sc
mar support spa
mos support ukr move war
nth move edi
nrg support nth move edi
pie move tyr
por support spa
pru support sil move war
ser move bud
sev move ukr
sil move war
spa hold
tys move nap
ukr move war
ven move tri
vie support ser move bud
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Army kie
build Army mun
remove por
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
arm move sev
boh move sil
bud move rum
cly move lvp
con move aeg
gal move boh
kie move den
lon move eng
lvn move stp
gol support wes move spa/sc
mid move por
mar hold
mos support ukr move war
mun move tyr
nap move rom
nrg move nat
pic move par
pru move lvn
ser move bud
sev move ukr
sil move pru
spa move por
stp/sc move bot
tri support ser move bud
tyr move vie
ukr move war
ven move tri
vie support gal move boh
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army/dislodged spa
Germany: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
spa move gas
war disband
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bot move lvn
den move yor
edi move cly
eng support par move bre
gas move spa
lvn move war
lvp move iri
mid move por
mar support gas move spa
mun support sil
nat move mid
nth convoy den move yor
par move bre
pru support lvn move war
sev move rum
sil support lvn move war
stp move mos
tyr move tri
ukr support sev move rum
ven move rom
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: army bre
England: fleet/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Italy: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Turkey: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Turkey: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
bre disband
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
remove tyr
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
bre move gas
cly move lvp
eng move iri
gre move bul/sc
iri move eng
kie move ruh
lvn hold
mid support spa move por
mar hold
mun support sil move boh
nth move nrg
pru support war
sil move boh
spa move por
stp move mos
ven move rom
war hold
yor support cly move lvp
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Turkey: army/dislodged boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army por
Turkey: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army por
Turkey: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
bud move gal
gas move spa
gol move spa/sc
mos support ukr move war
pru support war
rom move tys
rum support aeg move bul/sc
stp move mos
tri move ven
ukr move war
ven move rom
war hold
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Italy: fleet/dislodged bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army por
Turkey: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
