PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move nap
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla hold
bot move swe
bre move eng
bul hold
con hold
edi move nwy
hol support ruh move bel
ion convoy nap move tun
kie move den
lon move eng
nap move tun
nth convoy edi move nwy
pie move mar
ruh move bel
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
spa move mar
stp move fin
tri move bud
ukr move sev
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Army mar
build Army mun
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Fleet tri
build Army ven
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel support hol
ber move bal
bla hold
bre move mid
bud support vie move tri
bul hold
con support bul
den hold
edi move nrg
fin support stp move nwy
gre hold
hol support bel
ion move tys
kie move hel
lon move eng
mun hold
nth support lon move eng
nwy support den move swe
pic move bre
pie move mar
rum support sev
ser support gre
sev support rum
smy move eas
spa move por
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move adr
ven move pie
vie move tri
war hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support gre move ion
bal move den
bel support hol
bla support bul move rum
bre move par
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
con support bul
den move kie
eas support gre move ion
eng move wal
fin support nwy
gre move ion
hel support bal move den
hol support bel
mid move eng
mun hold
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy support swe
rum support sev
ser move gre
sev support rum
swe support nwy
tri hold
tun move nap
ven move tri
war hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army mos
build Army smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
bel hold
bla move sev
bre move mid
bud move tri
con hold
den support hel move nth
eas support ion
eng move lon
fin support nwy
gre move apu
hel move nth
hol support hel move nth
ion convoy gre move apu
kie move mun
mar move pie
mos support sev
mun move boh
nth move nrg
nrg move bar
nwy hold
par move bur
pie move ven
por move spa
rum support bla move sev
sev hold
smy move arm
swe move ska
tri move ven
tun move nap
tys convoy tun move nap
ven move tyr
wal move lon
war move ukr
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
apu move rom
arm move sev
bar move nwy
bel move ruh
bla support arm move sev
boh support mun
con hold
den support nth
eas support ion
eng move lon
fin move stp
hol move bel
ion move tun
mid move iri
mos support sev
mun support bel move ruh
nap hold
nth support hol move bel
nrg move edi
nwy move swe
pie move ven
rum support arm move sev
sev move rum
ska move nwy
spa move gas
tri move vie
tyr support pie move ven
tys support nap
ukr support sev
ven support apu move rom
wal move lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove pie
build Army smy
build Army tri
remove tyr
remove tys
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
bar move nrg
bel move nth
bla support sev
boh move sil
bud move gal
con move bul
den support bel move nth
eas move ion
edi move cly
eng move lon
iri move lvp
mos move sev
mun hold
nap move apu
nth move yor
rom support adr move apu
ruh move bel
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
ska move nwy
smy move con
stp move lvn
swe move fin
tri move tyr
tun move wes
ukr support mos move sev
ven support tri move tyr
vie support bud move gal
wal move lon
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
apu move nap
bel hold
bla support sev
bul move rum
bur move gas
cly support wal move lvp
den move nth
eng move lon
fin move stp
gal support rum move ukr
gas move spa
ion move tys
lvn support ukr move war
mos support ukr move war
mun hold
nth move edi
nrg move edi
nwy move nrg
rom support apu move nap
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
sil support mun
tyr move pie
ukr move war
ven support tyr move pie
vie move bud
wal move lvp
wes move mid
yor support nth move edi
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
France: fleet/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
lvp move iri
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bre
remove cly
remove nrg
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
bel move pic
ber move mun
bla support sev
bud support gal
con move bul
edi move cly
gal support ukr move war
gas move spa
lon move wal
lvn support war
lvp hold
mid move por
mos support war move ukr
mun move bur
nap move tys
nth support yor move lon
nwy move nrg
pie move mar
rom move tus
rum support sev
sev move mos
sil hold
spa move por
stp support mos
tri move adr
tys move wes
ukr move war
ven hold
vie support gal
war move ukr
yor move lon
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
war move pru
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bla support rum
bre support gas move par
bud move ser
bul move con
bur move par
cly move edi
gal support war
gas move par
iri move lvp
lon support nth move eng
lvn support pru move war
lvp hold
mid move por
mos support pru move war
mun move ber
nth move eng
nrg move nat
pic support bur move par
pie hold
pru move war
rum hold
sev move mos
sil support pru move war
stp support mos
tus hold
tys move gol
ven hold
vie hold
wal support iri move lvp
war hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: fleet/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Turkey: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lvp disband
war move ukr
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mun
remove spa
build Army tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move mun
bla move con
bre support gas move par
bur move par
con move bul
edi move cly
eng move bre
gal support vie move boh
gas move par
ion move tun
lon move wal
lvn support war
lvp move wal
gol support pie move mar
mid move spa/nc
mar move bur
mos support war
mun move bur
nat support edi move cly
pic support bur move par
pie move mar
por move mid
rum support gal
ser move bud
sev move mos
sil support war
stp support mos
tri move tyr
tus move pie
ukr move war
ven support tri move tyr
vie move boh
wal move iri
war support mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber support sil move mun
boh support tyr move mun
bud move vie
bul hold
cly move lvp
con move aeg
eng move bre
gal move sil
lon move wal
lvn support war
lvp hold
gol move wes
mid support mar move gas
mar move gas
mos support war
mun move bur
nat support cly move lvp
par support eng move bre
pic support par
pie move mar
rum support gal
sev move mos
sil move mun
spa/nc support mid
stp support mos
tun move naf
tyr move mun
ukr support sev move mos
ven move pie
war support sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove iri
build Army kie
build Army mun
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber support sil
boh support gal move sil
bre support wal move eng
bud move gal
bul hold
bur support mun
gal move sil
gas hold
kie support mun
lvn support war
lvp move iri
mid move por
mar support gas
mos support war
mun support sil
naf support wes move mid
nat support lvp move iri
par support bur
pic support bre
rum support gal
sev move mos
sil support war
smy move aeg
spa/nc support gas
stp support mos
tyr support boh
ukr support sev move mos
vie support boh
wal move eng
war support sil
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber support sil
boh move mun
bre support eng
bud move tri
bul hold
bur support mun
eng support bre
gal move sil
gas hold
ion move tys
iri support nat
kie support mun
lvn support war
mid support gas
mar support gas
mos support war
mun support sil
naf support mid
nat hold
par support bur
pic move bel
por support mid
rum support gal
sev move mos
sil support war
spa/nc support gas
stp support mos
tyr support boh move mun
ukr support sev move mos
vie move tri
war support mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
