PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move nap
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bot move swe
bud support gal move rum
bul move rum
con move bul
gal move rum
hol support ruh move bel
ion move aeg
kie move den
mid move por
mar move spa
nap move tun
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg support yor move nwy
par move pic
ruh move bel
ser support alb move gre
sev move bla
ukr support gal move rum
ven hold
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lvp
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move bla
bel hold
ber hold
bre move eng
bud move vie
bul move gre
con move bul
den move kie
gre support ser move bul
hol support bel
kie move den
lvp move nat
mos move lvn
mun hold
nap move rom
nth move den
nrg move bar
nwy hold
par move bur
pic support par move bur
por move mid
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
smy move aeg
spa move mar
stp/nc move bar
tri move alb
ukr move gal
vie move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
alb move adr
arm move ank
bel hold
ber support den move kie
bla move ank
bul support rum
bur move bel
con move bul
den move kie
eng support bur move bel
gal move rum
gre move aeg
hol support bel
ion move tun
kie move den
lvn move mos
mid hold
mar move bur
mun hold
nth move hol
nrg move bar
nwy move swe
pic support bur move bel
rom move ven
rum move sev
tyr move pie
ven move tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove ber
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Army tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support tun move ion
arm move bla
bar move nrg
bel support bur
bla move ank
bul move con
bur support bel
den hold
eng support bel
gre move aeg
hol move bel
kie move hel
mid support eng
mar move pie
mos move lvn
mun move bur
nat move cly
nap move tys
nth move lon
nwy hold
pic support bur
pie hold
rom support ven
ruh support hol move bel
sev hold
tri move ser
tun move wes
ven support pie
vie move tyr
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
ank move bla
bel support bur
bla move con
bul support bla move con
bur support bel
con support aeg move bul
den move kie
eng move mid
gre move aeg
hel move nth
hol support hel move nth
ion move tys
lon move nth
lvn move pru
mid move spa/sc
mar move spa
mun support ruh
nrg convoy nwy move edi
nwy move edi via convoy
pic support bel
pie move mar
rom support ven
ruh hold
ser move alb
sev move arm
swe move ska
tyr support mun
tys move gol
ven hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
ank support con
arm move ank
bel hold
bla support arm move ank
bul move con
bur move mar
cly hold
con support ank
edi move yor
eng support bel
gre move aeg
hol hold
kie move ber
lon hold
gol move spa/sc
mid support mar move spa
mar move spa
mun support ruh
nth move den
nrg move edi
pic support bel
pie move mar
rom support ven
ruh hold
tyr support mun
tys move gol
ven support rom
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank support aeg move smy
bel support bur
ber hold
bla convoy rum move con
bul support rum move con
bur support mar
cly move nat
den hold
edi move nth
eng move mid
hol hold
ion move tun
lon hold
gol support pie move mar
mid move spa/sc
mar support mid move spa
mun support ruh move bur
pic support bel
pie move mar
pru move sil
rom move nap
ruh move bur
rum move con via convoy
ska support stp/nc move nwy
stp/nc move nwy
tri move tyr
tyr move pie
tys move wes
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
mar move gas
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove ion
build Army mos
remove pic
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
build Army war
remove yor
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel move bur
ber hold
bla convoy con move rum
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur move gas
con move rum via convoy
den hold
gas move naf via convoy
hol support ruh move bel
lon move eng
gol move spa/sc
mid convoy gas move naf
mar support gol move spa
mos move lvn
mun move bur
nat move iri
nap move rom
nth hold
nwy move nth
pie support mar
ruh move bel
sil move pru
ska support nwy move nth
smy move con
spa/sc move mar
stp/nc move bar
tyr move boh
tys move ion
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war support sil move pru
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
nth move yor
spa/sc move por
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
arm move smy
bar move nrg
bel hold
ber hold
bla move bul/ec
boh hold
bul move con
con support arm move smy
den hold
eng move nth
gal move ukr
gas support mid move spa
hol support bel
ion move tun
iri hold
lvn move mos
mid move spa/sc
mar support spa/sc
mun move bur
naf move tun
nth move edi
pic move bre
pie support mar
por support mid move spa
pru move war
rom move nap
rum move sev
ska move nth
smy support bul move con
spa/sc support wes move mid
tyr move boh
war move ukr
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Italy: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
spa/sc move wes
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove iri
build Army mun
remove naf
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
arm support mos move sev
bel move pic
ber hold
bla support con move bul
boh move gal
bre move par
bud support gal move rum
bul move con
bur move gas
con move bul
den hold
edi support nrg move nth
eng move nth
gal move rum
gas move mar
hol move bel
ion move aeg
mid support wes move spa
mar support wes move spa
mos move sev
mun move kie
nap hold
nrg move nth
pie support mar
por support spa/sc move mid
pru move war
ska support nrg move nth
smy support bul move con
spa/sc move mid
tyr move boh
war move ukr
wes move spa/sc
yor move edi
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet/dislodged mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
mid move bre
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
arm move rum via convoy
bel move hol
ber move pru
bla convoy arm move rum
boh move sil
bud support rum
bul support aeg move con
bur move par
con move bul
den hold
edi move nth
eng support par move bre
gal support rum
gas support par
kie move ber
mid move spa/sc
mar move gas
nap move apu
nth move hel
par support gas
pic support bur move par
pie move mar
por support mid move spa
rum support gal
sev support arm move rum
ska move den
smy support aeg move con
spa/sc support mar
ukr support arm move rum
war move gal
yor move edi
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army/dislodged con
Austria: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Italy: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move ank
rum move ser
spa/sc move wes
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove gas
build Fleet kie
build Army lon
remove nth
build Fleet rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move ven
ber move pru
bre support mar move gas
bud support bul move rum
bul support bud move rum
con hold
den hold
edi move nth
eng convoy lon move bel
gal move ukr
hel move nth
hol support kie move hel
kie move hel
lon move bel via convoy
mar move gas
par move pic
pic move bel
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
pru move lvn
rom move tys
ser support bul move rum
sev move mos
sil move war
ska move swe
smy support con
spa/sc support por
ukr support war move gal
vie move bud
war move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move boh
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bla support ank move con
boh move gal
bre move eng
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
con move bul/sc
den move swe
edi move nth
eng convoy lon move bel
gal support ukr move war
gas support wes move spa
hel move nth
hol support hel move nth
lon move bel via convoy
lvn move mos
mar support wes move spa
mos support ukr move war
par move bur
pic move bel
por support spa/sc move mid
pru support war
rum move bul
ser support bul move rum
smy move con
spa/sc move mid
swe move bot
tys move wes
ukr move war
ven move tyr
vie support boh move gal
war support lvn move mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal disband
rum move sev
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove por
build Fleet rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move kie
bla support sev move rum
bot move stp/sc
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul/sc move con
bur move bel
edi move nth
eng convoy lon move bre
gal support rum move ukr
hol move nth
lon move bre via convoy
lvn hold
mid move iri
mos move lvn
nth move nrg
pic support bur move bel
pru support war
rom move tys
rum move ukr
ser support bud move rum
sev move rum
smy support bul/sc move con
spa/sc support wes move mid
swe hold
tyr move boh
ukr move gal
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war support lvn move mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army/dislodged con
Austria: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
con move ank
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bel hold
bla support ank move con
boh move sil
bre move eng
bud move rum
con support ser move bul
edi move nrg
eng convoy lon move pic
gal support bud move rum
hol move nth
iri move lvp
kie move ber
lon move pic via convoy
lvn move mos
mid support bre move eng
mos move lvn
nrg support swe move nwy
pic hold
pru move lvn
ser move bul
sev move ukr
smy support con
spa/sc move por
swe move nwy
tyr move boh
tys move wes
ukr move sev
vie hold
war support lvn move mos
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
eng move iri
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove iri
build Army kie
build Army mun
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move yor via convoy
ber move pru
bul move rum
con move ank
edi move yor
eng move wal
kie move den
lon move wal
lvn move stp
lvp move cly
mid move nat
mos support ukr move sev
mun hold
nth convoy bel move yor
nrg support nth
nwy support lvn move stp
pic move par
por move mid
rom move tys
rum move sev
smy move con
ukr support rum move sev
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet/dislodged stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
bel hold
boh move tyr
bud move rum
cly move lvp
den move kie
edi move yor
eng move lon
lon move wal
mid move iri
mos hold
mun hold
nat move lvp
nth support eng move lon
nrg move edi
nwy support nth
par hold
pru move lvn
rum move bul
spa/sc move mid
stp hold
tys move wes
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet nap
build Fleet tri
remove wal
remove yor
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel hold
ber hold
cly move nrg
edi hold
iri support nat move lvp
kie move ruh
lon hold
lvn hold
mid move bre
mos hold
mun hold
nat move lvp
nth support nwy move nrg
nwy move nrg
par hold
sil support war
stp hold
tyr move ven
war support sil
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
bel hold
ber hold
cly move edi
edi support nrg move cly
iri move nat
lvn hold
lvp support iri move nat
mos hold
mun hold
nth support edi
nrg move cly
par hold
ruh hold
stp hold
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
