PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move yor
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mos move ukr
nap move tys
par move gas
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move lvn
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
ber move kie
bot convoy lvn move swe
bud move ser
gas move mar
lvn move swe via convoy
mid move spa/sc
mun move tyr
nth move bel
pie move mar
ser move bul
sev move rum
spa move por
tri move alb
tys move tun
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tyr
wal move lon
yor move nth
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet edi
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Fleet sev
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ser move gre
ank move bla
bel hold
bot move bal
bud move ser
bul hold
con support bul
edi move nth
gas move mar
kie move den
mar move gol
mun move tyr
nth move nwy
par move bur
pie move mar
por move spa
rom move tys
rum move bla
ser move gre
sev support rum move bla
smy move aeg
spa/sc move wes
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri hold
tun move wes
ukr move rum
ven move pie
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul
alb move ion
ank support con
bal move den
bel support nth
ber move sil
bla support rum
bul support con
bur support gas move mar
con support bul
den hold
edi move nrg
gas move mar
gre hold
hol move kie
gol support spa/sc move wes
nth support den
nwy hold
pie move mar
por move spa
rum hold
ser support gre
sev support bla
spa/sc move wes
swe support bal move den
tri move vie
tun move wes
tyr move boh
tys support tun move wes
ven hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army tri
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul
ank support con
bal convoy swe move lvn
bel move nth
ber move pru
bla move rum
boh move gal
bul support con
bur hold
con support bul
den hold
gre support ser move bul
ion move aeg
kie move ber
lon move bel
gol support spa/sc move wes
mar move pie
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy move swe
pie move mar
por move spa
rum move gal
ser move bul
sev support bla move rum
spa/sc move wes
tri move bud
tun move wes
tys move gol
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war support rum move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move ska
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal move kie
ber hold
boh move gal
bul support aeg move gre
bur move par
con support bul
den hold
gal support war
gre support ser move bul
ion move eas
lon move bel
gol support spa/sc move wes
mar hold
nth move ska
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
pie move ven
por move spa
pru move war
rum support sev
ser move bul
sev support rum
sil support pru move war
ska move den
spa/sc move wes
swe support ska move den
tri move bud
tun move ion
tyr support pie move ven
tys move nap
vie move bud
war hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
war move lvn
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lvp
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move con
ber hold
boh move mun
bul support aeg move gre
con move smy
den support swe
eas move aeg
gal move ukr
gre support ser move bul
ion support aeg move gre
kie support den
lon hold
lvn move stp
lvp hold
gol support wes
mar hold
nap move apu
nrg move nth
nwy support ska move swe
par move bur
rum support sev
ser move bul
sev support rum
sil support war
ska move swe
spa move gas
swe support den
tri support ser
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie support tri
war hold
wes support gol
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army/dislodged gre
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre move alb
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move gre
apu move adr
ber support mun move kie
bul support gre
bur move mar
con move aeg
den move swe
gas move par
gre support con move aeg
ion support gre
kie move hol
lvp move yor
gol move tys
mar move pie
mun move kie
nth support nwy
nwy hold
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move bla
sil move war
ska move den
smy hold
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri support ser
tyr support ven move tri
ukr move mos
ven move tri
vie support tri
war move mos
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support alb move gre
alb move gre
ank move bla
ber move bal
bla move arm
bul support alb move gre
con support gre move bul
den move ska
gre move bul/sc
hol move nth
ion move tun
kie support nth move hol
lon hold
mar support pie
nth move hol
nwy hold
par move bur
pie hold
rum move bla
sil move war
ska support nwy
smy support con
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri support vie
tyr move mun
tys support wes move tun
ukr move mos
ven move rom
vie support tri
war move mos
wes move tun
yor support lon
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Russia: fleet/dislodged hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bul move ser
hol move hel
nwy move nth
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support ser move bul
ank move bla
arm support rum move bla
bal support kie
bul/sc support ion move gre
bur move ruh
con support bul/sc
den move ska
gre support ser move bul
hel move nth
hol support nth
ion move gre
kie support sil move mun
lon hold
mar move bur
mun hold
nth support ska move den
nwy move swe
pie hold
rom move ven
rum move bla
ser move bul
sil move mun
ska move den
smy move ank
stp move nwy
tri hold
tun support tys
tys support tun
ukr move mos
ven move adr
vie move tyr
war move mos
yor hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
mun move ber
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army par
remove war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move con
ank move bla
arm move ank
bal move ber
ber move kie
bla support arm move ank
bul/sc move gre
bur move mun
con support ank move bla
den support hel move nth
gre support ser move bul
hel move nth
hol support nth
ion support bul/sc move gre
kie support bal move ber
mun support kie
nth convoy yor move den
nwy support swe
par move bur
pie move tyr
ruh support bur move mun
ser move bul
ska support yor move den
smy move ank
swe support nwy
tri support tyr move ven
tun support tys
tyr move ven
tys support tun
ukr move war
ven move tri
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Italy: army/dislodged ber
Germany: fleet ber
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army/dislodged gre
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ber move sil
den move bal
gre move ser
mun move boh
tri move vie
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move gre
ank support bla move con
bal support hel move kie
ber support kie
bla move con
boh move gal
bul support aeg move gre
bur support mun
con move bul/ec
den support ruh move kie
gre support con move bul
hel move kie
hol support nth move hel
ion move gre
kie support ber
mun support ruh move kie
nth move hel
nwy support swe
ruh move kie
ser support aeg move gre
sil move ber
ska move nth
smy move ank
swe support nwy
tri move ser
tun support tys
tyr support tri move ven
tys support tun
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Italy: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
tri move bud
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Fleet edi
remove gal
build Army mar
build Army par
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
ank move con
bal convoy swe move pru
bla support ank move con
bud move ser
bul support ank move con
bur move mar
con support smy move ank
edi move nrg
gre move bul/sc
hel support den
hol support nth
ion move alb
kie support sil move ber
lon move bel
mar move pie
mun support sil move ber
nth convoy lon move bel
nwy move swe
par move bur
ser move tri
sev move rum
sil move ber
smy move ank
stp/nc move nwy
swe move pru via convoy
tri move ven
tyr move boh
vie move bud
war support swe move pru
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move smy
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
alb move tri
ank move con
bal support pru move ber
bel hold
ber hold
bla move ank
boh move vie
bud support alb move tri
bul move gre
bur move mun
con support bla move ank
den hold
gre move bul/sc
hel support den
hol move nth
kie support ber
mar move pie
mun move sil
nth move nrg
nrg move bar
nwy move swe
pie move tyr
pru move ber
rum support vie move bud
ser support bul move gre
smy support ank move con
swe move fin
tri support vie move bud
tun move ion
tys support tun move ion
vie move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Italy: army/dislodged bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Russia: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Turkey: fleet/dislodged gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move gal
con move bul/sc
gre move aeg
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mar
remove smy
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con
alb move tri
ank support bul/sc move con
bal move swe
bar move nwy
bel hold
ber hold
bul/sc move con
bur move mun
den hold
fin support swe move nwy
gal move ukr
hel move nth
ion move nap
kie support mun move ber
mar move pie
mun move ber
nth move ska
nrg support bar move nwy
pie move ven
pru move war
rum move sev
stp/nc move bar
swe move nwy
tyr support pie move ven
tys move rom
ven support alb move tri
vie hold
war move ukr
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
Italy: army/dislodged ber
Italy: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
Italy: fleet/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move sil
ven move adr
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
Italy: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg support con
alb support adr move tri
ank support bul/sc move con
bal support swe move den
bar hold
bel move hol
ber support mun
bud support tri move vie
bul/sc move con
den hold
fin move swe
gal support sil move war
gre hold
kie support ber
mun support ber
nap support rom
nth support ska move nwy
nrg support ska move nwy
pie support ven
pru move sil
rom support nap
ser support tri
sev move arm
sil move war
ska move nwy
stp/nc move nwy
swe move den
tri move vie
tyr support vie
ven support rom
vie support tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
France: army ber
Italy: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Italy: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
war move mos
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army bre
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Army par
remove sil
remove tri
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
ank move con
arm move smy
bal move kie
bar move stp/nc
ber move pru
bre move par
bud move tri
bul/sc support ank move con
con move smy
den support bal move kie
gal move rum
gre move ser
kie support nth move den
mar move gol
mos support stp/nc
mun move sil
nap move ion
nth move den
nrg support nwy
nwy support bar move stp
par move bur
pie move ven
rom move tys
ser move rum
swe support den
tyr move boh
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con
ank move con
arm move sev
bal support den move kie
bar move stp/nc
boh move gal
bud support ser
bul/sc move aeg
bur move mun
den move kie
gal move rum
gre hold
hol hold
ion move alb
kie support nth move den
lon hold
gol move tys
mos support stp/nc
nth move den
nrg support nwy
nwy support bar move stp
par move bur
pru move ber
ser support bud
sil move war
swe move den
tri move bud
tys move ion
ukr move mos
ven move tri
vie support tri move bud
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army/dislodged kie
Russia: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
France: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
kie move ruh
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army mar
build Army par
remove rum
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con
alb support ion move gre
ank support bul/sc move con
bal support swe move den
ber support ruh move kie
bud move tri
bul/sc move con
bur move ruh
edi move yor
gal support vie move bud
gre move alb
hol move kie
ion move gre
kie move hel
mar move pie
mun support ruh move kie
nth move den
nrg support nwy
nwy move ska
par move bur
ruh move kie
ser support bud move tri
sev move rum
stp/nc hold
swe move den
tri move ser
tys move ion
ukr move mos
vie move bud
war support ukr move mos
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
France: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
France: army/dislodged tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
mos move sev
tri move vie
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
France: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support con
alb support ven move tri
ank move bla
bal move swe
ber support kie
bud support ven move tri
bul/sc hold
bur move mun
den support bal move swe
gal support bud
gre hold
hel support den
hol hold
ion support gre
kie support ber
lon hold
mos hold
mun move boh
nth support ska move den
nrg support nth
pie move ven
ruh support kie
rum support bul/sc
ser move alb
sev support rum
ska move den
stp/nc hold
tri move tyr
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
war support gal
yor hold
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bre
remove den
build Army mar
build Army par
remove tyr
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
alb move ion
ber support kie
bla convoy rum move ank
boh move gal
bre move pic
bud support tri move ser
bul/sc move con
con move bul
gal move ukr
gre support ion move aeg
hel move den
hol hold
ion move aeg
kie support ber
lon hold
mar move pie
mos hold
mun support kie
nth support ska move den
nrg support nth
par move bur
ruh move bel
rum move ank via convoy
ser hold
sev move rum
ska move den
stp/nc move nwy
swe support hel move den
tri move ser
ven move tri
vie support bud
war support gal move ukr
yor hold
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ser disband
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support gre
bel move ruh
ber support kie
bud support ser
bur support pic
con support bul/sc
gal support bud
gre support aeg
hol move bel
ion support gre
kie support ber
mos move stp
mun support kie
nth move hel
nrg move nat
nwy move swe
pic support bur
ser support bud
ska move den
smy support con
tri support ser
ukr support gal
vie support bud
war support gal
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
