PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move pic
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
ven move pie
vie move bud
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla move sev
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul hold
bur move mun
con support bul
den move swe
eng convoy wal move pic
kie move hol
nth move nwy
pic move eng
pie move mar
ruh support kie move hol
rum hold
ser move gre
spa hold
tys move tun
ukr move sev
ven move pie
wal move pic
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Army par
build Army rom
build Fleet sev
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber support ruh move mun
bla convoy con move rum
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul support con move rum
den move kie
eng move mid
gre support ser move bul
hol move kie
lon move eng
mar move bur
mun move kie
nwy hold
par move bur
pic move bel
pie move mar
rom move ven
ruh move mun
rum move bla
ser move bul
sev support rum move bla
smy move aeg
spa move mar
tri move alb
tun move wes
ukr hold
ven move pie
vie move tri
wal hold
war hold
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bla move ank
bul move rum
mun move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
alb move ion
ber move pru
bla support bul move con
bul hold
con move bul
den move swe
eng convoy wal move bel
gre support bul
hol support wal move bel
mid move bre
mar move spa
mun hold
nwy support den move swe
par move bur
pie move mar
rom move ven
rum hold
ser move bud
sev move rum
spa hold
tri move vie
tyr move vie
ukr support sev move rum
ven move pie
wal move bel
wes support mar move spa
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
France: fleet/dislodged bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move nth
rum move gal
spa move por
swe move bot
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet edi
remove gal
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
remove nth
remove por
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
bel move bur
ber support mun
bla move arm
bot move swe
bre support eng move mid
bud move ser
bur support tyr move mun
con move bul
edi move nrg
eng move mid
gre support bul
hol move ruh
ion move eas
kie move bal
lon move eng
mar move gas
pie move mar
pru move sil
rum move bla
spa move por
swe move bot
tyr move mun
ukr move rum
vie support tri
war hold
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
ank hold
arm move ank
bal support swe move bot
bel move bur
ber support mun
bla support arm move ank
bot move swe
bre move mid
bul move rum
bur support tyr move mun
con move bul
eas move smy
eng move mid
gas move par
gre move bul
mid move spa/sc
mar move bur
mun support bel move bur
nap move ion
nrg move nat
ruh support bel move bur
ser support bul move rum
sil move gal
swe move bot
tri move bud
tun move wes
tyr move mun
vie move bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
Russia: fleet/dislodged bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bot move stp/sc
bur move pic
rum move sev
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army bud
build Army lon
remove pic
build Army rom
remove tyr
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support bla move con
bal convoy ber move lvn
ber move lvn
bla move con
bot support ber move lvn
bre support nat move mid
bud support rum
bul support con
bur move mar
con hold
eng convoy lon move pic
gal move ukr
gre support ser move bul
lon move pic
mar move bur
mun move sil
nat move mid
nwy hold
par support mar move bur
por support wes move spa/sc
rom move ven
ruh move mun
ser move bul
sev move ukr
smy move con
spa/sc support bur move mar
ven move pie
vie move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
England: army/dislodged bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move bel
con move aeg
spa/sc move mar
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move bur
bot support nwy move stp/sc
bud move rum
bul move con
bur support pie move mar
con support smy move aeg
eng support mid
gal move war
gre move bul
ion move tys
lvn move mos
mid support mar move spa/sc
mar move spa/sc
mun move bur
nwy support bot move stp/sc
par move pic
pic support bel move bur
pie move mar
rum move sev
sev move mos
sil support gal move war
smy support bul move con
stp/sc move lvn
tri move tyr
ven move pie
vie move boh
war support stp/sc move lvn
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: army con
Russia: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Italy: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move bla
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove ion
build Army kie
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Army tri
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bal hold
bel move bur
bla support ank move con
boh move gal
bot move stp/sc
bre move gas
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
con move smy
eng move bre
kie support mun
lvn move mos
mid support spa/sc move por
mar move gas
mun support sil move boh
nap move tys
nwy support bot move stp/sc
pic support bel move bur
pie move mar
por move spa
rum move ukr
sev hold
sil move boh
smy move aeg
spa/sc move por
stp/sc hold
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
tys move wes
vie move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Austria: army/dislodged boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: army/dislodged bur
Russia: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet/dislodged stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move vie
bur move ruh
stp/sc disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support smy move con
bal move kie
bla support sev move rum
boh hold
bre hold
bul support smy move con
bur move par
con move ank
eng move bel
kie move hol
mid move spa/sc
mar move spa
mos support ukr move sev
mun move kie
nwy move nth
pic support bur move par
pie move mar
por support mid move spa/sc
rum support ukr move sev
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc hold
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
tys move rom
ukr move sev
ven move rom
war support mos
wes support mar move spa
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
Italy: army/dislodged par
Italy: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
par move gas
rum move ser
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove ank
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Army kie
build Army lon
remove ruh
remove wes
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move eng
ber move sil
bla support rum move sev
boh move gal
bre move gas
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
con move ank
edi move bel
gas move spa
hol move ruh
kie move ber
lon hold
mid support por move spa/sc
mar support gas move spa
mos support sev
mun move bur
nth convoy edi move bel
par support pic move bur
pic move bur
pie move tus
por move spa/sc
rum move sev
ser support bud move rum
sev hold
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys move rom
ven move apu
vie support tyr
war move ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
apu support ion move nap
bal convoy ber move lvn
bel move bur
ber move lvn
bla move ank
bre support bur move gas
bul move con
bur move gas
eng convoy lon move spa
gal move rum
gas move spa
ion move nap
lon move spa
mid convoy lon move spa
mar support gas move spa
mos move sev
mun move boh
nth move nrg
par support bur
por support lon move spa
ruh move mun
rum support sev
ser move bud
sil move war
stp/sc hold
tus move ven
tyr move pie
ukr support mos move sev
ven support tyr move pie
vie move tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Austria: army/dislodged sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bla
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
apu move rom
arm move sev
ber move mun
boh move gal
bre move mid
bud move gal
bul support rum
bur move mar
eng convoy lon move bel
gal move rum
gas support bur move mar
lon move bel
lvn move mos
mid move naf
mun move boh
nap support apu move rom
nrg move nth
par move bur
pie move tus
por move spa/sc
rum support bud move gal
sev support gal move rum
tri move alb
tyr support vie move boh
ukr support sev
ven support pie move tus
vie move boh
war support boh move gal
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army/dislodged boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
Italy: army/dislodged mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: fleet/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
boh move sil
mar disband
rom move tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ion
ank move con
arm move sev
bel move hol
ber support mun
boh move vie
bud support rum
bul support rum
bur move ruh
eng move nth
gal move bud
gas move bur
mid move wes
mar support gas move bur
mos support sev
mun support sil move boh
naf move tun
nap support alb move ion
nth move den
sev hold
sil move boh
spa/sc move gol
tus move pie
tyr support boh move vie
tys move tun
ukr support war move gal
ven support tus move pie
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Army lvp
remove sev
build Fleet tri
remove ukr
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move smy
bal convoy ber move swe
ber move swe
boh move mun
bud move tri
bul move gre
bur move mun
con move bul
den support hol move kie
edi move nrg
gal move sil
hol move kie
ion support tys move tun
lon move nwy
lvp move yor
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun move ber
naf move tun
nap move tys
nth convoy lon move nwy
pie hold
ruh support hol move kie
rum move bud
stp/sc move fin
tri move alb
tyr support boh move mun
tys move ion
ven support pie
war move pru
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move ion
bal convoy pru move kie
ber support pru move kie
bud move vie
bul move ser
bur move mun
den support kie
fin move swe
ion move tys
kie support den
gol support wes move tys
mar move pie
mun move ruh
nap support ion move tys
nth support nwy
nwy hold
pie move mar
pru move kie
rom support ven move tus
ruh support kie
sil move mun
stp move nwy
swe move den
tri move ven
tun support wes move tys
tyr support sil move mun
tys move tus
ven move tus
vie move boh
wes move tys
yor hold
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
England: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
kie move hol
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb support ion
bal support kie
ber support kie
boh move sil
bur support ruh
den support hol move kie
edi move nth
fin move swe
gre move bul
hol move kie
ion hold
kie hold
gol support tys
mar hold
mun hold
nap support ion
nth move hel
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
pie hold
rom support tus
ruh support hol move kie
ser move rum
sil move pru
smy move arm
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tun move ion
tus hold
tyr support mun
tys support tun move ion
ven support pie
vie move boh
yor hold
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
