PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon hold
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move nap
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move fin
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bud move tri
bul support nap move gre
con move smy
fin move swe
hol support ruh move bel
ion convoy nap move gre
kie move den
lon move nth
mid move por
nap move gre via convoy
nth move ska
pic move bel
ruh move bel
ser support alb move gre
sev move rum
spa hold
stp move nwy
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
build Fleet kie
build Army mar
build Army mun
build Fleet sev
build Army stp
build Fleet tri
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bel hold
ber move bal
bla support bul move rum
bre support pic
bud move tri
bul move rum
con support bla
den move kie
hol move nth
ion convoy nap move gre
kie move den
mar move bur
mun move tyr
nap move gre via convoy
nth support ska move den
nwy move swe
pic hold
por move mid
rum move bul/ec
ser support alb move gre
sev move arm
ska move den
smy move arm
spa move mar
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move adr
ukr move sev
ven move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
bal move den
bel support hol
bla support rum move bul
bre move eng
bud support ukr move rum
bur move mun
con support rum move bul
den move kie
gre support ser move bul
hol support kie move hel
ion move tun
kie move hel
mid move iri
mar move bur
nap move apu
nth move bel
nwy support swe
pic move bel
rum move bul
ser move bul
sev support ukr move rum
ska move den
smy move arm
stp support nwy
swe support bal move den
tyr move mun
ukr move rum
war move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu move ven
arm move ank
bel support hol
bud support vie move tri
bul move con
bur move mun
con move aeg
den support hel move nth
eng move lon
gre support rum move bul
hel move nth
hol support bel
iri move lvp
kie support tyr move mun
mar move pie
mos support sev
nap move tys
nwy move fin
pic hold
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev support ukr move rum
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move alb
tun move wes
tyr move mun
ukr move rum
ven move pie
vie move tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
nth disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move gre
ank move arm
apu move ven
bel support hol
bla support con move bul
bud move vie
bur hold
con move bul
den move nth
fin move swe
gre move aeg
hol support bel
kie move den
lon hold
lvp hold
mar move spa
mos support sev
mun hold
nth move edi
nwy move nrg
pic hold
rum support bul
ser support bul
sev support rum
ska move swe
stp move nwy
tys move gol
ven move pie
wes move spa/sc
yor move lvp
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army kie
remove ska
build Army war
remove yor
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
bel hold
bla move con
con move smy
den move kie
edi move cly
fin move swe
gre move aeg
hol support bel
ion move tun
kie move mun
gol support pie move mar
mos move sev
mun move bur
nth move eng
nrg support nwy
nwy support fin move swe
pie move mar
rum support bul
ser move gre
sev move bla
ven hold
war move ukr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
bla move con
bul support aeg move con
cly hold
eng move bre
gre move aeg
hol move nth
kie support den
gol move spa/sc
mar hold
mos move sev
nrg hold
nwy hold
rum support bul
ser move gre
sev move arm
smy move con
spa/sc move por
swe hold
tri move tyr
tun hold
ukr support mos move sev
ven hold
vie support tri move tyr
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla hold
smy hold
tun hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: fleet cly
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy gre move smy
arm move bla
bel move bur
ber support mun
bla support smy move con
bre move eng
bul hold
cly move lvp
con support gre move smy
den move yor via convoy
gre move smy via convoy
kie move ruh
mar move pie
mun support bel move bur
nap move ion
nth convoy den move yor
nrg support nwy
nwy support swe
por move mid
rom support ven
rum support bul
sev move arm
smy move con
spa/sc move wes
swe support nwy
tri move adr
tun move wes
tyr support vie move tri
ukr hold
vie move tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
smy move ank
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tyr move ven
aeg move con
arm move ank
ber move sil
bla support ank
bul support con
bur move par
con move ank
eng support yor move lon
ion move tun
lvp hold
mid support spa/sc move wes
mun move bur
nth support yor move lon
nrg convoy nwy move edi
nwy move edi
pie support ven
rom support ven
ruh move hol
rum support bul
sev move arm
smy support con move ank
spa/sc move wes
swe move nwy
tri support tyr move ven
tun move ion
tyr move ven
ukr move sev
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
France: fleet/dislodged lon
France: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove ank
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move gre
arm move bla
bla move con
bul support con
bur hold
con move aeg
eng support par move bre
hol hold
ion support wes move tun
kie move den
lon hold
lvp hold
mun hold
nth hold
nrg support edi
nwy hold
par move bre
pie support ven
rom support ven
rum support bul
sev move arm
sil move ber
smy move con
tri move ven
tun support adr move ion
tyr support tri move ven
ukr move sev
vie support tyr
war hold
wes move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
