PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move fin
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
bul hold
bur move par
con move smy
den move swe
eng move bre
fin move swe
gal move rum
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
nth move nwy
pic move bel
pie move tyr
ser support alb move gre
sev support gal move rum
spa hold
stp move nwy
ven move tri
wal move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army mun
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bel hold
ber move pru
bre move mid
bud move rum
bul support ser move rum
con move smy
den move swe
fin move swe
gre hold
hol move bel
kie move bal
lon move eng
mar move bur
mun support vie move tyr
nth move nwy
par move bur
por move mid
rum move bul
ser support bud move rum
sev move bla
smy move arm
spa move gas
stp move nwy
tri support vie move tyr
vie move tyr
wal move lon
war move ukr
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal move swe
bel move hol
bla move sev
bul hold
con move ank
den support bal move swe
eng convoy lon move bel
fin move swe
gas move bre
gre move bul/sc
hol support lon move bel
lon move bel via convoy
mar move bur
mun move bur
nth move nwy
par support mun move bur
por move mid
pru move war
rum support gre move bul
ser support rum
smy move con
stp move nwy
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ukr move rum
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove fin
remove gas
build Army kie
build Army lon
build Army mun
build Army nap
build Army rom
build Army tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
arm move sev
bel support bur move ruh
bla move sev
bre hold
bud support rum
bur move ruh
con support ank move bla
den hold
eng move iri
gre support ser move bul
hol support bur move ruh
kie support mun
lon move yor
mid hold
mar hold
nth move nwy
par move bur
ruh move mun
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
stp move nwy
swe support nth move nwy
tri move ven
tyr support ruh move mun
ukr move mos
ven move apu
war move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu move rom
arm move sev
bel hold
bla support arm move sev
bre support iri move mid
bud move gal
bul support rum
bur move gas
den support swe
gre support bul
hol hold
iri move mid
kie move ber
mid hold
mar hold
mun move bur
nap move apu
nwy hold
rom support nap move apu
ruh move mun
rum support ukr move sev
stp move mos
swe support den
tun move wes
tyr move boh
ukr move sev
ven support apu move rom
war move mos
yor hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
mid move por
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
ber move sil
bla support arm move sev
boh move sil
bre move mid
bul support rum
bur support gas move mar
den move hel
gal support mos move war
gas move mar
gre support bul
hol move ruh
lon move eng
mid move wes
mar move spa
mos move war
mun support ber move sil
por support mar move spa
rom support ven
rum support ukr move sev
stp hold
swe hold
tri move tyr
ukr move sev
ven support tri move tyr
vie move boh
war move ukr
yor move wal
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
war move lvn
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
boh support gal move sil
bre move gas
bul support rum
bur support ruh move mun
con hold
gal move sil
gre move aeg
hel hold
lvn move stp
mar support bre move gas
mun move sil
nwy support lvn move stp
por support spa
rom move nap
ruh move mun
rum support ukr move sev
sil move pru
spa support por
stp move mos
swe move bal
tyr move ven
ukr move sev
ven move pie
vie move tyr
war move mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Army mos
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bal hold
ber support mun
bla support arm move sev
boh support sil move mun
bud move gal
bul support rum
bur support mar
con move bul/sc
gas move spa/nc
hel move den
mid support gas move spa
mar support gas move spa
mos move stp
mun hold
nwy support mos move stp
pie support spa move mar
por move mid
pru move sil
ruh support mun
rum support bul
sil move mun
spa move mar
stp hold
tyr support boh move mun
ukr move sev
war move pru
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Germany: army/dislodged stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
stp move fin
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move pru
ber support pru move sil
bla support con move bul
boh move sil
bul support rum
bur support mun
con move bul/sc
den hold
eng convoy wal move bre
fin move nwy
gal support sil move war
ion convoy nap move tun
mid move por
mar move pie
mun support pru move sil
nap move tun via convoy
nwy move bar
por move spa/nc
pru move sil
ruh support mun
rum support bul
sev move rum
sil move war
spa/nc support mid move por
stp move mos
ukr move sev
ven hold
wal move bre via convoy
war move mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move gre
war disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Army lon
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
bla support bul/sc
boh move gal
bud support rum
bul/sc support con move aeg
bur move mun
con move aeg
den hold
eng hold
gal move ukr
gre move bul
ion move aeg
mar move pie
mun move boh
nwy move swe
por move spa/sc
pru move bal
ruh support bur move mun
rum support gre move bul
sev move rum
sil support mun move boh
smy move eas
spa/nc move mid
stp move mos
tyr move vie
ukr support sev move rum
war support gal move ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bal move den
bla support sev
boh move mun
bud support rum
bul/sc move gre
con move aeg
den move nth
eas support con move aeg
eng convoy lon move naf
gal support war
gre move bul
ion move aeg
lon move naf via convoy
mid convoy lon move naf
mar move spa
mos move war
mun move bur
pie support ven move tyr
pru support sil move war
ruh move bel
rum support gre move bul
sev move rum
sil move war
spa/sc move wes
swe move nwy
ukr move mos
ven move tyr
vie support gal
war support ukr move mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
remove naf
build Army stp
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc
bar move nrg
bla support sev
bud move ser
bur move par
den move ska
eas move ion
eng move lon
gal support rum
gre move bul
ion move gre
kie move hol
mid move spa/sc
mos support sev move ukr
mun hold
nth convoy nwy move edi
nwy move edi via convoy
pie move ven
pru move war
ruh move bel
rum support ukr move sev
sil support pru move war
spa move mar
stp hold
tyr move tri
ukr move sev
vie move bud
war hold
wes support mid move spa
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
war move lvn
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc move gre
bel move hol
bla support sev
bre move par
bud support rum
bul/sc move gre
eas move ion
edi move lvp
gal support lvn move war
gre support ser move bul
hol move bel
ion support gre
lon support nrg move nth
lvn move war
mar hold
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nth move edi
nrg move nth
par hold
ruh support hol move bel
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sil support war
ska move nwy
spa/sc support wes move gol
stp move lvn
tri move alb
ukr support lvn move war
ven hold
war support stp move lvn
wes move gol
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army/dislodged bel
Germany: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gre
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Austria: army/dislodged lvn
Germany: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
gre disband
lvn move pru
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
remove lon
build Army mun
remove pic
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support sev move con
alb support ion move gre
bel move eng
ber move pru
bla convoy sev move con
bre move par
bud support rum
bul support ion move gre
bur move gas
eas support gre move ion
edi support nwy move nth
gal support pru move war
gre move ion
ion move gre
kie move den
lvn support ber move pru
lvp move wal
gol support spa/sc move mar
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nth move hol
nwy move nth
par hold
pru move war
ruh move hol
rum support bul
sev move con via convoy
sil move boh
spa/sc move mar
ukr support pru move war
ven move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Austria: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
nth move lon
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Austria: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
alb support gre
bla support con move bul
boh move gal
bre move pic
bud move vie
bul support gre
con move bul
den move nth
eas move ion
edi move nrg
gal move sil
gas move bre
gre support bul
lon move yor
lvn move war
gol move spa/sc
mar support gol move spa
mun support pie move tyr
nth move lon
par support gas move bre
pie move tyr
pru support lvn move war
ruh move bur
rum support bul
sev move mos
sil support lvn move war
ukr support rum
wal support nth move lon
war support gal move sil
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove spa/sc
build Army stp
build Army tri
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support gre
bla move con
boh move tyr
bre support par move pic
bud support vie
bul support rum
bur move bel
con move smy
eng move mid
gal move boh
gre support bul
ion move nap
lon move yor
mar hold
mos move sev
mun move bur
nth support lon move yor
nrg move edi
par move pic
pic move bur
pru move sil
rum support ukr move sev
sil move boh
stp move mos
tri move tyr
tyr move pie
ukr move sev
ven support tri move tyr
vie support tri move tyr
wal move lon
war hold
yor move nth
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bel move ruh
boh support mun move tyr
bre move gas
bud move gal
bul move con
edi move nrg
gal move boh
gre move aeg
ion move nap
lon move nwy via convoy
mid move por
mar hold
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nap move rom
nth convoy lon move nwy
pic move bur
pie support mun move tyr
pru support sil
rum move ukr
sil support boh
smy move arm
stp move mos
tyr support gal move boh
ven support tyr
vie support gal move boh
war support mos move ukr
yor move lon
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
build Fleet smy
remove tun
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
boh move gal
bud move tri
bul support aeg move con
bur support pie move mar
gal move boh
gas support por move spa
gre support bul
kie move bal
lon move eng
mar move gol
mos move stp
mun move ber
nap move tys
nth hold
nrg move bar
nwy move stp
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
pru support sil move war
ruh move mun
rum support sev
sev hold
sil move war
tyr support gal move boh
ukr move mos
ven support tyr
vie support gal move boh
war hold
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army/dislodged boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
boh move sil
war move lvn
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
England: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal convoy ber move lvn
bar support nwy move stp
ber move lvn via convoy
boh move mun
bul move con
bur support mun
con move ank
eng move mid
gas support mar
gol move spa/sc
mar support spa/sc
mun support sil
nth move eng
nwy move stp
pru support war
rum support sev
sev support rum
sil support war
spa/sc support mar
tyr support boh move mun
ven move pie
vie move gal
war support ber move lvn
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Germany: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
