PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nap move tys
par move bur
rom move tus
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla hold
bot move swe
bul move gre
bur move mar
con move bul
den hold
gal move bud
kie move hol
mid move por
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
pie support tus move ven
ser support alb move gre
spa move mar
tri move bud
tus move ven
tyr move mun
tys move tun
ukr move gal
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army rom
build Fleet sev
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support bla
bel hold
ber move sil
bla move rum
bre hold
bud move rum
bul hold
bur hold
con support bul
edi move nth
gal move boh
gre support ser move bul
hol support kie move ruh
kie move ruh
lon support edi move nth
mar move spa/sc
mun support kie move ruh
nth move hel
nwy move ska
pie support ven move tyr
por move mid
rom move tus
ser move bul
spa move mar
swe support nwy move ska
tri hold
tun move ion
ukr support war move gal
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bel support nth move hol
bla support bul
boh support gal move sil
bud move gal
bul hold
bur move mun
con move smy
den move kie
gal move sil
gre support ser move bul
hel support nth move hol
hol support ruh move bel
ion move eas
lon move nth
mar hold
mun move tyr
nth move hol
pie move tyr
ruh move bel
rum support sev move bla
ser move bul
sev move bla
sil move war
ska support swe move den
spa move gas
swe move den
tri support vie
tus move ven
tyr support bur move mun
ukr move sev
vie support bud move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla move ank
mun move ber
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Army par
remove ruh
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber hold
bla support rum
boh move sil
bre hold
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
den support hol move kie
eas support gre move aeg
gal support bud move rum
gas move bur
gre move aeg
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
kie move bal
lon move wal
mid hold
mar hold
mun move ruh
nth move nwy
par support gas move bur
rum support bla
sev move mos
sil move war
ska move swe
tri support vie
tyr support mun
ven move apu
vie support tri
war move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
apu move ven
bal move swe
ber hold
bla move rum
boh support sil move mun
bul move con
bur move mun
den move nth
eas move smy
gal support rum
hel move den
hol support kie
kie support hel move den
mid hold
mar hold
nwy move stp/nc
par move bur
pie hold
ruh support bur move mun
rum hold
sev move ukr
sil move mun
swe support hel move den
tri move bud
tyr move boh
vie move boh
war move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet nap
remove nth
remove sil
build Army tri
remove ukr
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
bal move den
ber move sil
bla move sev
bre move eng
bud move vie
bul move con
bur move bel
den move bal
edi move nth
gal support vie move boh
hol support kie
kie support den move bal
lon move eng
lvp move nat
mid support bre move eng
mar move spa/sc
mos move sev
nap move ion
pie move ven
ruh support bur move bel
rum support mos move sev
smy support bul move con
swe support den move bal
tri support bud move vie
tyr move boh
ven move tyr
vie move boh
wal move iri
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: fleet/dislodged bal
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bal move ber
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bal move kie
bel move hol
ber move kie
bla move bul/ec
boh move tyr
con support aeg move smy
eng support bel
gal move boh
hol move bel
ion move tys
iri support lon move eng
kie move hol
lon move eng
mid support eng
mun move kie
nat move mid
nth support hol move bel
pie move mar
ruh support mun move kie
rum move bul
sev hold
sil move mun
smy hold
spa/sc support mid
swe move den
tri support boh move tyr
tyr move ven
ven move pie
vie support boh move tyr
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Italy: fleet/dislodged smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
eng move bre
smy disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army bud
build Army rom
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bal support den move kie
bel move pic
ber move kie
boh move sil
bre support mid move eng
bud move ser
con move ank
den move kie
eng support nat move mid
hol move bel
iri support nat move mid
kie move hol
mid move eng
mar move gas
mun hold
nat move mid
nth move hol
pie move mar
rom support ven
ruh support kie move hol
rum move gal
sev move arm
smy move aeg
spa/sc support mid
tri move ven
tyr support mun
tys move gol
ven hold
vie move boh
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
eng move lon
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move ank
bal move ber
bel support nth move hol
ber move pru
boh move sil
bre support spa/sc move mid
con support arm move ank
eng move wal
gal move boh
gas support mid move bre
hol support ruh move bel
iri support lon move eng
kie support bal move ber
lon move eng
gol support mar move spa
mid move bre
mar move spa
mun move bur
nth move hol
pic move par
rom support ven
ruh move bel
ser move alb
sil move pru
spa/sc move mid
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ven hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Germany: army ank
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bre move pic
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Germany: army ank
Germany: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
remove pic
remove ruh
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Germany: army ank
Germany: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb hold
ank move arm
bel support nth move hol
ber support kie
boh hold
bre move mid
bur move ruh
con move bul
edi move nrg
eng support bre move mid
gal move war
gas move spa
ion move adr
iri support bre move mid
kie support ber
lon move wal
lvp support lon move wal
gol move tys
mid move iri
mun move ber
nap move ion
nth move hol
par support bre
rom support ven
sil support mun move ber
spa move por
tri move ven
tyr move pie
ven hold
vie move tyr
wal support mid move iri
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Germany: supply ank
Germany: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Germany: supply ank
Germany: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy alb move apu
alb move apu via convoy
arm move sev
bel move nth
ber support kie
boh hold
bul move gre
eng move bel
hol support eng move bel
ion move adr
iri move mid
kie support ber
lvp move iri
mid move wes
mun move kie
nrg move nwy
par move bur
pie support tri move ven
por hold
rom support ven
ruh support mun move kie
sil support war move pru
spa move mar
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys move ion
ven hold
wal move eng
war move pru
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Germany: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ven move tus
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Germany: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Germany: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move alb
apu move rom
bel move hol
boh hold
bur move mun
eng move bel
gre hold
hol move hel
ion move nap
iri move mid
kie move bal
lon move den via convoy
mid move wes
mar move pie
mun move ber
nth convoy lon move den
nwy move swe
pie move tus
por move spa
pru support mun move ber
rom support tus move ven
ruh move mun
sev move mos
sil support mun move ber
tri move adr
tus move ven
tyr hold
tys move gol
ven support apu move rom
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Germany: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
England: fleet/dislodged ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Germany: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support alb move ion
alb move ion
apu support ven move rom
bal support den move kie
ber hold
boh move sil
bur move mun
den move kie
gre hold
hel support den move kie
hol support den move kie
gol support mar move pie
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos move stp
nap support tys move ion
pie move tus
pru move lvn
rom hold
ruh move mun
sil move pru
spa hold
swe move bot
tus support rom
tyr move ven
tys move ion
ven move rom
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Germany: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Austria: army/dislodged pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
pie move tyr
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Germany: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mun
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Germany: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb move gre
apu move nap
bal support bot move lvn
ber move kie
bot move lvn
bur move mun
gre move ser
hel support kie
hol support kie
kie support bur move mun
lvn support mos move stp
gol support pie
mid move wes
mos move stp
mun support ruh move bur
nap support tus move rom
nth move nwy
pie support tus
pru support lvn
rom support apu move nap
ruh move bur
sil support ber
spa move mar
tri move alb
tus move rom
tyr support ven
tys move ion
ven hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Germany: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: army/dislodged bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move par
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Germany: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support alb move ion
alb move ion
apu support rom
bal move bot
ber move kie
bot move stp/sc
bur move par
gre support alb move ion
hel support kie
hol move nth
lvn move stp
gol support tus
mid move por
mar support pie
mos support lvn move stp
mun move ruh
nap hold
nwy move swe
par move bur
pie support tus move ven
pru hold
rom hold
ser move alb
sil support ber
stp/nc move nwy
tus move ven
tyr support ven
tys move tun
ven hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Germany: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army mun
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Germany: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb hold
apu support ion move nap
bal move ber
bel support edi move hol
ber support ruh move kie
bot move stp/sc
bur hold
edi move hol via convoy
gre support adr move ion
hel support kie
ion move nap
mos move war
mun support ruh move kie
nth convoy edi move hol
nwy support bot move stp
par move bur
por move mid
pru move lvn
rom support ion move nap
ruh move kie
sil support ber
spa/sc move mar
stp support pru move lvn
swe move fin
tri move adr
tyr move pie
ven support tyr move pie
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Germany: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Austria: army/dislodged stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
stp move mos
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Germany: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb hold
apu move rom
bal support kie
bel move eng
ber move kie
bur move mar
fin move bot
gre support adr move ion
hel support kie
hol support lon move bel
ion move tys
kie support hol
lon move bel via convoy
lvn move pru
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos move lvn
mun move boh
nap support ion move tys
nth convoy lon move bel
nwy support stp/sc
par move bur
pie support bur move mar
rom move tus
ruh support ber move kie
sil support ber
stp/sc move lvn
tun move ion
ven support rom move tus
war move pru
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Germany: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
England: fleet/dislodged mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move spa
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Germany: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Army mun
build Army tri
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Germany: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move ber
bel move ruh
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bot move lvn
bur move mun
eng move mid
gre move ion
hel move nth
hol support bel move ruh
ion move tun
kie support bal move ber
lon hold
lvn move pru
mar support mun move bur
mos move lvn
mun move bur
nap move tys
nth move eng
nwy support stp/sc
ruh support mun move bur
sil support ber
spa/sc move mar
stp/sc support bot move lvn
tun support wes
tys move gol
wes support tun
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Germany: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move ber
ber move kie
boh support mun
bur move mun
eng convoy lon move bre
gre move ion
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie support bur move mun
lon move bre via convoy
lvn hold
gol move wes
mid move spa/sc
mar move spa
mos move lvn
mun support ber move kie
nwy support stp/sc
pie support mar
pru support ber
sil support mun
spa/sc move gol
stp/sc support lvn
tri move tyr
tun move tys
tys support ion move tun
wes support spa/sc move gol
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Germany: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
England: fleet/dislodged tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
tun move naf
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Germany: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove nth
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Germany: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move ber
bel support bur
ber support mun move kie
boh move mun
bre move gas
bur support bre move gas
eng hold
ion support tun
kie support ruh move mun
lvn hold
gol support wes move tys
mid move spa/sc
mar move gas
mos move stp
mun move kie
naf move tun
nwy support stp/sc
pie move mar
pru move lvn
rom move tus
ruh move mun
sil support ber
stp/sc support lvn
tri move adr
tun support tys
tus move pie
tyr support mun
tys support tun
war move lvn
wes move tys
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Germany: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: fleet/dislodged tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
tys move nap
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Germany: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
bal support mun move ber
bel move ruh
ber support boh move mun
boh move mun
bur support gas move mar
eng move mid
gas move mar
ion support tun
kie support mun move ber
lvn move pru
gol support tys
mar move spa
mun move ber
naf move tun
nwy move nth
pie support mar
pru support ber
sil support boh move mun
spa/sc support gas move mar
tun hold
tyr support boh move mun
tys support naf move tun
ven support tus
vie move boh
war move gal
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Germany: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Germany: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
apu move nap
bal move pru
ber support bal move pru
boh support mun
bur move mun
edi move hol via convoy
gal move war
ion move tys
kie support ber
lvn support bal move pru
gol support tys
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos move lvn
mun hold
naf move tun
nap move rom
nth convoy edi move hol
pie hold
pru move ber
rom move ven
ruh support bur move mun
sil support mun
spa/sc support mid move wes
stp/sc support lvn
tun support ion move tys
tus support nap move rom
tyr support pie
tys support naf move tun
ven move tri
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Germany: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support ruh move mun
boh support mun
bur support ruh move mun
hol move ruh
ion move tys
kie support ruh move mun
lon move den via convoy
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos hold
mun hold
naf support tys move tun
nap support ion move tys
nth convoy lon move den
pie hold
pru move bal
rom support ion move tys
ruh move mun
sil support mun
spa/sc move gol
stp/sc support lvn
tri move vie
tun support ion move tys
tus support pie
tyr support mun
tys move tun
war move pru
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Germany: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Austria: fleet/dislodged tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
tun move ion
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Germany: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Germany: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support kie move ber
ber move pru
boh support mun
bur move mun
den move swe
hol move kie
ion move tun
kie move ber
lon move nwy via convoy
lvn support ber move pru
gol support wes move tys
mar move pie
mun support pru move ber
naf support tun
nap move rom
nth convoy lon move nwy
pie hold
pru move ber
rom move tus
ruh support hol move kie
sil support mun
spa/sc move wes
stp/sc support lvn
tun support wes move tys
tus move ven
tyr support pie
tys support rom move tus
ven move apu
wes move tys
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Germany: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
England: army pru
Germany: army/dislodged pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: fleet/dislodged tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
pru move war
tys move nap
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Germany: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu support rom
bal move ber
ber move mun
boh support mun
bur support ber move mun
ion hold
kie support ber move mun
lvn support nwy move stp
gol support tys
mos move sev
mun move kie
nap support ion
nth move eng
nwy move stp
pie hold
pru move sil
rom support tus
ruh support ber move mun
sil support mun
stp/sc move bot
swe move fin
tun support tys
tus hold
tyr support pie
ven support tus
war move pru
wes support tys
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Germany: supply ank
Austria: army apu
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
