PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move bur
rom move tus
sev move bla
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla support ukr move rum
bot move swe
bud move ser
den move swe
kie move hol
mid move por
nth move bel
nrg move nwy
ruh move mun
ser move alb
tus move tun
tyr move mun
tys convoy tus move tun
ukr move rum
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bel support lon move nth
ber move pru
bla support rum move bul
bot move swe
bre move mid
bud support vie move gal
bur hold
con move bul
den support nwy move swe
gal hold
gre move aeg
hol move ruh
lon move nth
mar move gol
mun move sil
nap move ion
nwy move swe
por move spa/sc
ruh move mun
rum move bul
ser move rum
smy move arm
spa move gas
stp/sc move fin
tun hold
tyr move mun
tys support nap move ion
vie move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
gal move war
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank move bla
arm move sev
bel hold
bot support fin move swe
bud support gal move rum
bur move par
con move smy
den support swe
edi move nwy via convoy
fin move swe
gal move rum
gas move mar
gre move bul
hol move kie
ion move eas
gol support spa/sc move wes
mid move naf
nth convoy edi move nwy
pru support sil move war
ruh move mun
rum support war move gal
ser support gre move bul
sil move war
swe hold
tun move tus
tyr move pie
tys convoy tun move tus
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army lon
build Fleet smy
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
ank support con
ber move mun
bud support vie move gal
bul move con
con support smy
den move bal
eas move ion
kie move ber
gol move tys
mun move boh
naf move tun
nth convoy yor move nwy
nwy move fin
par move bur
pie support tus move ven
pru move lvn
rum move ukr
ser move rum
sev move rum
smy support con
spa/sc move wes
swe support nwy move fin
tri move adr
tus move ven
tys move tun
vie move gal
war support pru move lvn
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg support bul
ank support con
ber move sil
boh move vie
bud move vie
bul hold
fin support nwy move stp
gal move rum
ion move tun
lon move nwy via convoy
lvn move mos
gol move tys
mun move tyr
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move stp
pie support ven
ser support bul
sev move mos
smy move aeg
swe support lon move nwy
tys support ion move tun
ukr move sev
ven support pie
war support lvn move mos
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
bal move den
boh support tyr move vie
bud move vie
bul move con
fin move stp
lon move eng
gol move tys
mos move sev
naf move tun
nth move lon
nwy move fin
pie move tyr
rum support ukr move sev
ser move tri
sil move gal
stp move lvn
swe move nwy
tri move adr
tun support tys
tyr move vie
tys support tun
ukr move sev
ven support pie move tyr
war support sil move gal
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev move arm
tun move ion
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg move smy
bel move eng
boh support vie
bud move vie
con support aeg move smy
den move nth
eng move bre
gal move bud
ion support tys move tun
gol move tys
mos move sev
mun move tyr
rum move gal
sev move arm
tri support bud move vie
tun hold
tyr move mun
tys move tun
ven hold
vie support gal move bud
war support gal
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move ser
smy disband
tun move naf
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove ank
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Fleet lvp
remove mar
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move adr
ber move pru
boh move gal
bre move gas
bud move tri
con move ank
eng move mid
fin move stp
gal move bud
ion move tys
kie move ruh
lon move eng
lvn support stp move mos
lvp move iri
mos move ukr
mun support kie move ruh
naf move tun
nth move bel
nwy move nrg
ser support gal move bud
sev hold
smy hold
stp move mos
tri move vie
tun support ion move tys
tyr support gal move vie
ven move rom
vie support bud move tri
war support boh move gal
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri move alb
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
alb support adr move tri
bud hold
eng move bre
gal move bud
gas move spa/nc
ion move tys
iri move mid
mid move por
mos move sev
mun support ruh move bur
nrg move nat
pru move sil
rom support tyr move ven
ruh move bur
ser support bud
sev move rum
smy move con
stp move mos
tri move ven
tyr move ven
tys move rom
ukr support mos move sev
vie support gal move bud
war move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move mar
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move arm
bud move vie
bur move par
con move bla
gal support ukr move rum
gas move spa/nc
ion move nap
lon move eng
lvn move mos
mid move naf
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nat move mid
por move spa/sc
rom move ven
rum support ser
ser support rum
sev move arm
sil move boh
tri move adr
tyr support bud move vie
tys move rom
ukr move rum
vie support mun move tyr
war move ukr
wes support mar move spa
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move arm
bla move sev
boh support vie
bud move gal
eng move mid
gal support ukr move rum
gas support por move spa
lvn move mos
mid move wes
mos move sev
mun move tyr
naf support mid move wes
nap move rom
por move spa/sc
rom hold
rum support bud move gal
ser move rum
sev move arm
spa hold
tri move alb
tun move ion
tyr move pie
ukr move rum
ven support nap move rom
war support gal
wes support spa
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
France: fleet/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Army lvp
build Army mun
build Army tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb move ser
ank move arm
bel move eng
bla move sev
boh move vie
bre move gas
bud move vie
gal support vie move bud
gas move mid
lvp move wal
mid move spa/sc
mos support sev
mun move tyr
naf support wes move tun
par move bur
pie move mar
rom hold
rum support bla move sev
ser move bul
sev support ukr move rum
spa/sc move gol
tri support bud move vie
tun move tys
tyr move tri
tys move gol
ukr move rum
ven support tri
vie move bud
war move ukr
wes move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support bul move rum
bud support tyr move tri
bul move rum
bur support spa/sc move mar
gal move rum
ion move adr
mun move tyr
rom move nap
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
tri move vie
tyr move tri
tys move gol
ukr support gal move rum
ven move tyr
vie support bud
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove gol
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bre move gas
bud support tri move vie
bul move rum
bur move mar
gal move rum
gas move spa/nc
mid move wes
mar hold
mun move tyr
naf move tun
nap move ion
rom move tys
ser support bul move rum
spa/sc move gol
tri move vie
tun move ion
tyr move tri
ukr support gal move rum
ven move tyr
vie support tyr move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
England: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Germany: army/dislodged vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
vie move boh
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
England: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ser move tri
bla support sev
boh support tri move vie
bud move gal
bul move rum
bur move mar
eng convoy lon move pic
gal support ukr move rum
lon move pic via convoy
lvn move mos
gol support bur move mar
mar hold
mos move sev
mun move tyr
naf move wes
nap move ion
ser move tri
sev hold
tri move vie
tun support wes move tys
tys support nap move ion
ukr move rum
ven support tri
vie support bud move gal
war move ukr
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Italy: army/dislodged mar
Italy: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
England: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army lon
build Army mun
build Army rom
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
ber move sil
boh move vie
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
eng convoy lon move pic
gal support vie move bud
gas move mid
ion move tys
lon move pic via convoy
lvn move mos
gol move tus
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun move boh
pic move bur
rom support ven
sev hold
spa/nc move por
tri move ser
tun support tys move ion
tyr support boh move vie
tys move ion
ukr support mos move sev
ven support rom
vie move bud
wes move tys
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
Austria: army/dislodged sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ion move nap
sev move arm
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
boh move vie
bud support gal move rum
bul move rum
gal move rum
nap support rom
rom support ven
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sil move gal
tyr support vie move tri
ukr support gal move rum
ven support rom
vie move tri
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Army lon
build Army mun
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bla support bul move rum
bud move tri
bul move rum
bur move mun
eng convoy lon move pic
gal support vie move bud
ion move aeg
lon move pic via convoy
mid move wes
mos move sev
mun move boh
nap move apu
pic move bur
pie move ven
por move spa/sc
rom support ven move tus
rum support mos move sev
ser support bud move tri
tri support pie move ven
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr support pie move ven
tys support tus move rom
ukr support mos move sev
ven move tus
vie move bud
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
Italy: army/dislodged rom
England: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
Austria: army/dislodged sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Germany: army/dislodged tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
rom move nap
sev move arm
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Austria: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu support tus move ven
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
nap move rom
tus move ven
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
England: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
England: army/dislodged sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Germany: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
