PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move nap
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
ven hold
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul move ser
con move bul
gal move rum
hol hold
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move spa/sc
mun move ruh
nap move rom
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
par move bur
sev move bla
spa move por
stp move nwy
tri move adr
vie move tri
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bre
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
ank move bla
bel move hol
ber move mun
bre move pic
bud support tri move ser
bul move gre
bur move mun
con move bul
den move bel via convoy
edi move nrg
hol support bel
kie support den
mos move ukr
nap move ion
nth support bel move hol
nrg move bar
par support bre move pic
por move spa
rom move ven
ruh support den move bel
rum move ser
sev move bla
smy move aeg
spa/sc move mar
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move ser
tun move wes
ven move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
England: army hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
hol move hel
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move tri
ank move bla
bar support nrg move nwy
ber move mun
bud support ser
bul support gre
bur support pic move bel
den move hol via convoy
gal support tyr move vie
gre support bul
hel support kie
hol hold
ion move alb
kie support den move hol
mar move pie
nth support hol
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp
pic move bel
ruh support ber move mun
rum hold
ser hold
sev move bla
swe move nwy
tyr move tri
ukr support rum
ven support tyr move tri
wes move gol
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet con
remove den
build Fleet edi
build Fleet mar
build Army rom
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb support ser move tri
ank support con move bla
bar move stp/nc
bel support hol
bud support ser move tri
bul support gre
bur move ruh
con move bla
edi move nrg
gal support rum move bud
gre support bul
hel support kie move hol
hol hold
ion move aeg
kie support ruh move hol
gol move mar
mar move gol
mun hold
nth support hol
nwy support bar move stp
par move bur
pie support mar move gol
rom move tus
ruh move hol
rum move bud
ser move tri
sev move rum
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move alb
ukr move mos
ven move pie
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move ska
tri move tyr
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
alb support tri
ank move arm
bel move ruh
bla support ank move arm
bud move ser
bul move ser
bur support bel move ruh
gal move bud
gre move bul
hel support ruh move hol
hol support bel move ruh
ion move alb
kie support ruh move hol
gol move mar
mar support pie move gol
mos move sev
mun hold
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
par move pic
pie move gol
ruh move hol
rum move bla
ska support nrg move nwy
spa hold
stp/nc hold
swe support nwy
tri hold
tus move pie
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
England: army/dislodged hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet/dislodged gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol move bel
gol move wes
nwy move fin
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet edi
remove mar
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
arm support bla move sev
bel move hol
ber support mun
bla move sev
bud move ser
bul move rum
bur move mun
edi move nrg
fin support swe move nwy
gal move rum
gre move ser
hel support hol
hol support kie move ruh
ion move tys
kie move ruh
gol move mar
mun support kie move ruh
nth support bel move hol
nwy hold
pic move bel
pie move mar
ruh support bel move hol
rum move sev
sev move mos
ska move den
spa support gol move mar
stp/nc support nwy
swe move nwy
tri hold
ven move tus
wes move mid
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move ion
arm support sev
bel move hol
ber support kie
bud move ser
bul move rum
bur move mar
den hold
fin support mos move stp
gal support rum
gre move ser
hel support kie move den
hol hold
kie move den
mid move iri
mar move spa/sc
mos move stp
mun hold
nth support den
nrg support nwy
nwy support stp/nc
pic move bel
pie move mar
ruh support bel move hol
rum hold
sev support arm
spa move por
stp/nc hold
swe support kie move den
tri move vie
tus move ven
tys move ion
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: army/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move ska
hol move kie
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
remove gal
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
ank move bla
arm support sev
bel move pic
ber move kie
bud move rum
bul move ser
bur move mun
den hold
fin support swe move nwy
gre move ser
hol move kie
iri move lvp
kie move ruh
mar support spa/sc move gol
mos support rum move sev
mun support kie move ruh
nap move ion
nth support ska move den
nrg move bar
nwy support stp/nc
pie move mar
por move spa
ruh support bur move mun
rum move sev
sev support ank move bla
ska move den
spa/sc move gol
stp/nc hold
swe move nwy
tys move wes
ven move rom
vie move tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army/dislodged den
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
den disband
nwy move nrg
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
arm move sev
bar move nwy
ber move kie
bla support sev move rum
bud move ser
bul support sev move rum
bur support ruh move mun
den support hol move kie
fin move swe
gre move ser
hol move kie
kie move hol
gol move tus
mar move pie
mos support nwy move stp
mun support kie move ruh
nap move tys
nth support bar move nwy
nrg support bar move nwy
nwy move stp/nc
pic move bel
pie move mar
ruh move mun
rum move bul/ec
sev move rum
spa hold
stp/nc hold
vie move tri
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie disband
stp/nc move bar
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Fleet nap
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
bar support nwy
bel move ruh
ber hold
bla support sev
bre move mid
bud support vie move tri
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move bul
den move swe
gre support bul move ser
ion support tus move tys
kie move ber
lvp move iri
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun move boh
nth move eng
nrg support nwy
nwy support den move swe
pie hold
rom hold
rum support sev
sev support rum
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tus move tys
tys support nap move ion
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
tys move gol
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar move stp/nc
ber move pru
bla support sev
boh move vie
bud support tri
bul support rum
den move bal
eng hold
gre support ser
ion move tun
iri move mid
kie support mun move ber
gol move spa/sc
mid move wes
mar hold
mos support stp/nc
mun move ber
nap move tys
nrg support nwy
nwy support bar move stp
pie move mar
ruh move mun
rum support sev
ser support gre
sev support rum
spa support mar
stp/nc support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri support bud
tys support ion move tun
ukr move gal
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
remove gol
build Army par
remove pru
build Fleet smy
remove wes
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move bot
bar move stp/nc
ber move sil
bla support bul move rum
bre move mid
bud move vie
bul move rum
con move bul
eng hold
gal support bud move vie
gre move alb
iri move lvp
kie hold
mid move naf
mar move gol
mos move stp
mun move tyr
nap support rom
nrg support nwy
nwy support bar move stp
par move bur
pie move ven
rom support nap
rum move sev
ser move bud
sev move arm
smy move aeg
spa move mar
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri support pie move ven
tun hold
tys move nap
vie support mun move tyr
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
France: army/dislodged vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
vie move boh
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support bul move ser
arm move bla
bla move con
boh support tyr move vie
bot move swe
bud support tyr move vie
bul move ser
bur move mun
gal support vie move bud
kie hold
gol move wes
mid move spa/sc
mar move pie
mos move war
naf support tys move tun
nap support rom
nrg support nwy
nwy support bot move swe
rom support ven
rum support bud
sev support rum
sil move gal
stp/nc support nwy
swe move den
tri support vie
tun support aeg move ion
tyr move vie
tys move tun
ven support tri
vie move bud
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army mar
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move tri
bla support sev move rum
boh move gal
bud support alb move tri
con move bul/sc
den move kie
edi move cly
eng hold
gal move ukr
ion hold
kie move den
mar move pie
mun support pie move tyr
naf move wes
nrg move nat
nwy move nth
pie move tyr
rom move tus
rum move ukr
ser support alb move tri
sev move rum
sil support boh move gal
smy move aeg
spa/sc move gol
stp/nc hold
swe support kie move den
tri support ven
tun support wes move tys
ven support tri
vie support pie move tyr
war support gal move ukr
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bla support sev
bud support tri
bul/sc move gre
cly hold
den hold
eng move iri
gal move bud
ion support bul/sc move gre
gol support tys move tus
mun move tyr
nat hold
nth move eng
pie move ven
rum support bud
ser support bud
sev support rum
sil move war
stp/nc hold
swe move bal
tri support bud
tun support wes move tys
tus support ven
tyr move tri
tys move tus
ukr move rum
vie support tyr move tri
war move mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Turkey: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army/dislodged tus
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
France: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move alb
tus move rom
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet lon
build Army par
remove ukr
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
France: army war
France: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
bal move lvn
bla support sev
bud support ser
cly support iri move lvp
den move kie
eng move wal
gal support tri move bud
gre support aeg move ion
ion move adr
iri move lvp
lon support eng move wal
gol move wes
nat support cly
nap support rom
par move gas
pie move ven
rom support nap
rum support bud
ser support bud
sev support rum
stp/nc hold
tri move bud
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr support pie move ven
tys support tus move rom
vie support tri move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: fleet wal
France: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: fleet wal
France: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support gre move ion
alb move tri
bla support rum
bre move mid
bud support alb move tri
cly move nrg
gal support ukr move rum
gas move spa
gre support ion
ion move nap
lon move nth
mos hold
rum support bud
ser support bud
sev support rum
tri move bud
tun hold
tus move rom
tyr move tri
tys support tus move rom
ukr move rum
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tri move bud
wal move iri
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army/dislodged rom
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
France: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
France: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Fleet edi
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
France: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support alb move tri
alb move tri
bla support rum
bre move pic
bud support alb move tri
edi move nrg
gal support ukr move rum
gre support ion
ion hold
mid convoy spa move bre
mar move gol
nth move den
nrg move nth
rom move nap
rum support bud
ser support bud
sev support rum
spa move bre via convoy
tri move bud
tun support wes move tys
tyr move tri
tys support rom move nap
ukr move rum
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tri move bud
wes move tys
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
France: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
France: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion
bla support rum
bud support tri
den move bal
gal move bud
gre support ion
ion support gre
lvp move cly
gol move wes
nap support tys move ion
nth move hol
nrg move nth
pic move bel
rum support bud
ser support bud
sev support rum
tri support bud
tun move ion
tyr move tri
tys support tun move ion
ukr move rum
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tyr move tri
wes move tun
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Turkey: army/dislodged tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
France: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri move alb
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
France: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
France: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion
alb move tri
bal move pru
bla support rum
bud support ser
cly move nrg
gal move bud
gre support ion
ion support adr
gol move tys
mid hold
mar move gol
mos support ukr move sev
nap move apu
par move bur
rum support bud
ser support bud
sev support rum
tri hold
tun move ion
tys move nap
ukr move sev
ven support tri
vie support tri
wes support mid
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
France: army sev
Turkey: fleet/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
France: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
France: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
France: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion
alb move tri
apu move adr
arm support mos move sev
bel move hol
bla support rum
bre move pic
bud support rum
bur move bel
gal support vie move bud
gre support ion
hol move hel
ion support adr
kie move den
gol move tys
mid hold
mos support sev
nap support tys move ion
nrg move nwy
rum support bud
ser support bud
sev hold
tri support vie move bud
tun support tys move ion
tys move ion
vie move bud
wes support mid
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
France: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
France: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move eas
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Turkey: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
France: army sev
France: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
France: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
remove hel
build Army mar
build Army par
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
France: army sev
France: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
France: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb move tri
apu support ion move adr
bel move ruh
bla move sev
bud support ser
den move swe
eas support adr move ion
gal move rum
gre support adr move ion
hol move kie
ion move adr
mid hold
mar move pie
mos support sev
nap support tys move ion
nth move den
par move bur
pic move bel
rum support bud
ser support bud
tri support vie move bud
tun support tys move ion
tys move ion
vie move bud
wes support mid
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
France: army sev
France: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
France: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb move tri
apu support ion move adr
bel move hol
bla support rum
bud support ser
bur move mun
eas support adr move ion
gal support vie move bud
gre support adr move ion
ion move adr
kie move den
mos support sev
nap support tys move ion
pie move ven
ruh move kie
rum support bud
ser support bud
tri support vie move bud
tun support tys move ion
tys move ion
ven move tyr
vie move bud
wes support mid
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
France: army sev
France: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
France: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
