PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
bot move swe
bul move gre
bur move mun
con move aeg
gal move vie
hol hold
kie move den
mid move por
nth support edi move nwy
nrg convoy edi move nwy
ruh move mun
ser support tri
stp move fin
tri hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
build Army mar
build Army mun
build Army par
build Army sev
build Army smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move gre
bul support aeg move gre
bur move ruh
con support bul
den hold
edi move nwy via convoy
fin support stp/nc move nwy
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie move hol
mar move pie
mun support ruh move bur
nth support edi move nwy
nrg convoy edi move nwy
par move pic
por move mid
ruh move bur
rum move bla
ser support alb move gre
sev move rum
smy move ank
spa move mar
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri hold
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tri
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move par
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move gre
ank hold
bel hold
bla support ser move bul
bul support aeg move gre
bur move gas
con support bul
den hold
edi hold
fin support nwy
gal move rum
hol hold
mid move eng
mar support par move bur
mun move bur
nth move hel
nrg move nth
nwy support swe move ska
par move bur
pic move bel
pie move tus
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
tri move tyr
tyr support ven
vie support tri move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tyr move boh
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Army rom
build Army sev
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move gre
ank move arm
bel support nwy move nth
bla support sev move arm
boh move tyr
bul support alb move gre
bur support eng move bel
con move smy
den support kie
eng move bel
fin move swe
gal move war
gas move spa
hel support nth move den
hol support nwy move nth
mar move spa
mun move bur
nth move den
nwy move nth
pic support eng move bel
rom move tus
rum support bul
sev move arm
swe move nwy
tri support tyr move ven
tun move wes
tus move rom
tyr move ven
ven move tri
vie hold
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ven move pie
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support smy move arm
arm move smy
bla convoy rum move con
bul support rum move con
bur move ruh
con support ank
den support hel move kie
gas move bre
gre support bul
hel move kie
hol hold
kie move den
mar move spa
mun move bur
nth move lon
nwy move nth
pic move par
pie move ven
rom support pie move ven
rum move con via convoy
smy move arm
swe support kie move den
tri support ven
tus move rom
tyr support pie move ven
ven support tus move rom
vie move tyr
war move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: army/dislodged arm
France: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
con move aeg
den move ska
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army bud
build Army mun
remove rom
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move con
bel move hol
bla move ank
bre support bur move par
bud move vie
bul move gre
bur move par
con support bla move ank
den support hol move kie
edi hold
gal move sil
gre move ion
hol move kie
kie move ber
lon move yor
mun move ber
nth move lon
par move bre
pie move mar
ruh support bel move hol
sev move arm
ska hold
spa move mar
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri support ven
tus move rom
tyr move boh
ven support tus move rom
vie move boh
war move pru
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army/dislodged ank
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
ank move smy
kie move hel
par move gas
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
England: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank support con
arm move smy
bre support par
bud move vie
bul support con
con support arm move smy
den support kie
edi hold
gas move mar
gre move aeg
hel support ska move den
hol support ruh move kie
kie support den
lon support yor move nth
mun support kie
nwy support swe
par hold
pru support sil move ber
ruh move kie
sil move ber
ska move den
smy move arm
swe support nwy
tri move adr
ven hold
vie hold
yor move nth
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
England: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
smy disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army mos
build Fleet stp/sc
build Fleet tri
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
ank move con
bre move gas
bud move vie
bul move ser
con move smy
den hold
edi hold
gre move ion
hel move nth
hol support ruh move kie
kie support swe move den
mar support spa move gas
mos move war
mun support kie
nth move den
nwy move nrg
par move pic
pru support ber
rom move nap
ruh move kie
smy move arm
spa move gas
stp/sc move bot
swe support nth move den
tri support ven
vie move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move ska
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move nap
arm move sev
ber move mun
bot move bal
bre move par
bud move vie
con move aeg
den support lon move nth
edi hold
gas move bre
ion support apu move nap
kie support mun move ber
lon move nth
mun move ber
nth support ska move nwy
nrg support lon move nth
pic move bel
pru move ber
ruh move bel
ser move alb
sil support ber move mun
ska move nwy
smy move arm
swe move nwy
tri move ven
ven move rom
vie move boh
war move pru
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove pic
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
arm move sev
bal move kie
ber support bal move kie
boh support sil move mun
bud support alb move tri
den support bal move kie
edi move lvp
hol support ruh move kie
ion move tun
kie move hel
mar move bur
mun move bur
nap move tys
nth move edi
nrg support nth move edi
par hold
pru move sil
rom move ven
ruh move kie
sev move rum
sil move mun
ska move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move adr
ven move apu
vie move tyr
war move pru
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg hold
apu move nap
ber support kie
boh support vie move tyr
bre support mar move gas
bud move vie
den support kie
hel move nth
kie support den
lvp hold
mar move gas
mun support vie move tyr
nrg move nwy
par move gas
pru support ber
ruh support hol
rum move gal
sev move rum
sil support ber
ska move nwy
swe support nrg move nwy
tri move ven
tys move gol
ven move pie
vie move tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army mar
build Army mos
remove par
remove ska
build Fleet stp/nc
build Fleet tri
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
bre move par
bud move tri
den support ber move kie
edi support nwy move nth
gas support mar
ion move tun
kie move hel
lvp hold
gol convoy pie move spa
mun support ber move kie
nap move tys
nth move nrg
nwy move nth
pie move spa via convoy
pru move ber
ruh support hol
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri move adr
tun move wes
tyr support ven move pie
ven move pie
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
ber move kie
boh hold
den move nth
edi support den move nth
gal move sil
gas support mar
hel support ber move kie
kie move ruh
lvp hold
gol move spa/sc
mun support kie move ruh
nth move eng
nrg hold
pie move mar
ruh support hol
sil move ber
spa move por
swe move den
tri move ven
tun move naf
tyr move pie
tys move gol
vie move tyr
war move pru
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
France: army/dislodged ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
ruh move bel
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: army por
Austria: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove nrg
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: army por
Austria: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support hol
ber move kie
boh support sil move mun
bud support vie
den move yor via convoy
eng move bel
gas support mar
hel support kie move hol
hol support bel
ion move tun
kie move hol
lvp hold
gol support pie move mar
mar support gas
mos move war
mun move bur
naf move mid
nth convoy den move yor
nwy move nrg
par move bre
pie move mar
pru move ber
ruh support mun move bur
sil move mun
spa/sc support pie move mar
tri move adr
tyr support vie
ven move pie
vie support tyr
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
France: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: army por
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
