PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move war
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move bur
rom move nap
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move bud
war move pru
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bot move swe
bud move tri
bul move rum
bur move mun
con move bul
hol support ruh move bel
kie move ber
mid move spa/sc
nth convoy yor move den
nrg move nwy
pru move ber
ruh move bel
ser support bul move rum
sev move rum
spa move por
tys convoy nap move tun
ven move tyr
war move sil
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army bre
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel move pic
ber support kie move mun
bla support ank move arm
bre move pic
bud move gal
bul move rum
gre move ion
hol move bel
kie move mun
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mar move gol
mos support sev
par move bur
por move spa
pru move war
rum move ukr
ser move gre
sev hold
sil move boh
smy move eas
spa/sc move wes
swe hold
tri support vie move tyr
tys convoy nap move tun
vie move tyr
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move ruh
tyr move ven
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm support rum move sev
ber support mun
bla support rum move sev
boh move gal
bur support ruh move mun
eas hold
eng support iri move mid
gal move vie
gre move apu
hol move kie
ion convoy gre move apu
iri move mid
gol convoy spa move tus
mos support sev
nap move rom
nth support bel
ruh move kie
rum move sev
sev hold
swe hold
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
tys move tun
ukr move mos
ven move pie
war support boh move gal
wes support ion move tun
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bre
build Army con
build Army kie
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu support ion move nap
arm move sev
bel move pic
ber support mun
bla support arm move sev
bur move mar
con move bul
eas move ion
eng move bre
gal move bud
hol move bel
ion move nap
kie move ruh
gol move tys
mid move por
mos support war move ukr
mun support kie move ruh
nth move eng
ruh move hol
sev move ukr
spa support bur move mar
swe hold
tri support ven
tyr move vie
ukr move rum
vie move bud
war move ukr
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move rom
arm move sev
bel move hol
ber move kie
bla support arm move sev
bre support eng move mid
bul support rum
eng move mid
gal move bud
hol support eng move bel
ion move tun
mar move pie
mos support ukr move sev
mun support ber move kie
nap support apu move rom
pic move par
por hold
rom move tus
ruh support bel move hol
rum support sev move ukr
sev move ukr
spa move tus via convoy
swe hold
tri support ven
tun move tys
tyr move vie
tys convoy spa move tus
ukr move sev
ven support apu move rom
vie move bud
wes convoy spa move tus
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
remove mar
remove spa
remove tun
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm support sev
ber move sil
bla support arm move sev
bre move mid
bud move gal
bul support rum
den move swe
edi move yor
gal move rum
hol hold
ion support nap move tys
kie move ber
lon move nth
mid move spa/sc
mos move sev
mun hold
nap move tys
nwy support den move swe
par move gas
pie move mar
por support mid move spa
rom hold
ruh move bur
rum support sev move ukr
sev move ukr
swe hold
tri move adr
tyr support ven move pie
tys move tun
ukr support gal move rum
ven move pie
vie support bud move gal
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
gal move war
swe move ska
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
arm support sev
ber move pru
bla move con
bul move rum
bur support gas move mar
gal support vie move boh
gas move mar
ion move tys
mid move wes
mos move sev
mun support sil move boh
nth convoy yor move den
nwy support swe
pie support mar
por support spa/sc
rom move ven
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
sil move boh
ska move den
spa/sc support mid move wes
swe support nwy
tun support wes move tys
tyr support vie move boh
tys move gol
ukr move gal
vie move boh
war support ukr move gal
wes move tys
yor move den
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
gal move bud
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
remove ska
build Fleet tri
remove tun
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move apu
arm move sev
bud support ukr move gal
bur support gas move mar
con move aeg
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move ukr
gas move mar
ion move tun
lon move eng
gol support mar
mos support gal move ukr
mun hold
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move bar
pie support mar
por move spa/sc
pru support sil move war
rum support ukr move gal
sev move ukr
sil move war
spa/sc move wes
swe move fin
tri move adr
tyr move boh
tys move nap
ukr move gal
ven move rom
vie support ukr move gal
war support gal move ukr
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
war move lvn
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move ion
apu move nap
bar support fin move stp
boh move sil
bud move vie
bur support gas move mar
fin move stp
gal support ukr move war
gas move mar
ion move tun
gol move tys
mun hold
nap move ion
nth convoy yor move bel
nwy support fin move stp
pie support mar
por move spa/sc
pru support war
rom support apu move nap
rum move ukr
sev move mos
spa/sc move gol
ukr move war
vie move boh
wes move tun
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
remove mos
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg hold
apu move nap
bar move stp/nc
bel hold
boh support sil move mun
bur support mun
edi move nwy via convoy
eng move mid
gal move war
gas move mar
ion support tys move tun
gol support gas move mar
nap move tys
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move fin
pie support mar
pru move ber
rom move ven
rum move ukr
sev support ukr move mos
sil move mun
spa/sc support gas move mar
stp move mos
tys move tun
ukr move mos
vie move tyr
war hold
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber support mun
boh support tyr move mun
bur support mun
fin move stp
gal support ukr move war
ion move nap
gol move tus
mid move naf
mar move pie
mos support ukr move war
nap move rom
nth move eng
pie support ven
sev support mos
sil support tyr move mun
spa/sc move gol
stp move lvn
tun move naf
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr move war
ven support pie
war support stp move lvn
wes hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
France: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
war move pru
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove lvn
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar support fin move stp
bel move ruh
ber support mun
boh move mun
bur support mun
eng move nth
fin move stp
gal support sil
hol move kie
ion support nap move tys
lon move yor
gol support wes
mid move naf
mar move pie
mos move lvn
nap move tys
nwy move swe
pie support tys move tus
pru support stp move lvn
rom support tys move tus
sev move mos
sil support war move pru
smy move aeg
stp move lvn
tun move wes
tus support mar move pie
tyr support pie
tys move tus
ven support tys move tus
war move pru
wes move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bar move nwy
boh move mun
bur support mun
fin move stp
gal support sil
ion move tys
kie support ber
mar move pie
mos move lvn
naf support wes
nth move eng
pie support tyr
pru move ber
rom move tys
ruh support mun
sev move mos
sil support pru move ber
stp move lvn
swe move fin
tus support tys move gol
tys move gol
ven support pie
wes support gol
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet edi
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ber support mun
boh support sil move mun
bur support mun
con move bul
edi move nth
eng move mid
fin move stp
gal move war
ion support tun
kie move bal
gol move tys
mos move lvn
mun support ber
naf move tun
nwy move swe
pie move ven
pru support mos move lvn
rom move tus
ruh support mun
sev move mos
sil move mun
stp move lvn
swe move den
tun support tys move wes
tus move pie
tyr support tus move pie
tys move wes
ven move apu
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: fleet pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu move nap
bal support ber
ber support mun
boh move mun
bul move rum
bur support mun
den move kie
fin support stp
gre hold
ion support tun
lvn hold
gol support mar move pie
mid move spa/sc
mar move pie
mos support lvn
naf move tun
nth convoy yor move hol
pie move gol
pru support sil move ber
ruh support mun
sil move ber
stp hold
swe move bot
tun support tys move wes
tus support pie move gol
tyr support ven move pie
tys move wes
ven move pie
war support pru
wes support naf move tun
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bur
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bal support fin move lvn
ber support mun
boh move mun
bot convoy fin move lvn
edi move nwy via convoy
fin move lvn via convoy
gre move alb
hol move bel
ion support tun
kie support mun
lon move eng
lvn hold
lvp move iri
gol support tys move wes
mar hold
mos support lvn
mun support ber
naf move tun
nap move rom
nth convoy edi move nwy
pie move mar
pru move ber
ruh support mun
rum move ukr
sil support boh move mun
spa/sc support mar
stp support fin move lvn
tun support tys move wes
tus support gol
tyr support boh move mun
tys move wes
war support lvn
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move ion
arm move sev
bal move pru
bel move bur
ber support bal move pru
boh support sil
bot convoy fin move lvn
eng hold
fin move lvn via convoy
ion move tys
iri move mid
kie support mun
lvn hold
gol move mar
mid move wes
mos support lvn
mun support ber
naf support mid move wes
nth move den
nwy support stp
pie support gol move mar
pru move ber
rom move ven
ruh support mun
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc move gol
stp support fin move lvn
tun move naf
tus move gol
tyr move mun
ukr hold
war support lvn
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army/dislodged mar
Austria: fleet mar
Germany: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: fleet pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support lvn move pru
boh support tyr move mun
bot convoy fin move lvn
bur support mun
con move bul
den move nth
eng move bre
fin move lvn
ion hold
iri move mid
kie support mun
lvn move pru
mid move por
mar support tus move gol
mos move lvn
mun hold
naf move wes
nwy support stp
pie support mar
pru move ber
ruh support mun
sev move mos
sil support ber
spa/sc move mar
stp support fin move lvn
tri move alb
tun move naf
tus move gol
tyr move mun
tys support wes
ukr support sev move mos
ven move tyr
war support lvn move pru
wes support tun move naf
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Germany: fleet/dislodged pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
pru move bal
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
bal support kie move ber
ber move mun
boh support ber move mun
bot support lvn
bre support mid
bul move rum
bur support mun
ion hold
kie move ber
lvn move pru
gol support mar move spa
mid support spa/sc
mar move spa/sc
mos move lvn
mun support kie move ber
naf move mid
nth move eng
nwy support stp
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
pru move lvn
ruh support mun
sev move mos
sil support ber move mun
tyr support ber move mun
tys support wes
ukr support sev move mos
ven move pie
war support pru move lvn
wes support mar move spa
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move kie
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove ion
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber
ber support ruh move mun
boh move mun
bot move lvn
bre support mid
bur support ruh move mun
eng convoy lon move pic
gre move ion
kie support ruh move mun
lon move pic via convoy
lvn hold
lvp move iri
gol support spa/sc
mid support por
mar support mun move bur
mos support lvn
mun move bur
naf support wes move mid
nwy support stp
pie support mar
por support mid
ruh move mun
rum move gal
sev hold
sil support boh move mun
spa/sc support wes move mid
tri move adr
tyr support boh move mun
ukr hold
vie move boh
war support lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
England: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move par
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bal move kie
ber support kie move mun
boh support bur move mun
bot support stp
bre move gas
bur move mun
eng move bel
gal hold
ion move tun
iri support mid
lvn move pru
gol convoy pie move spa
mar move gas
mos move stp
naf support spa/sc move mid
nwy move swe
par support pic move bur
pic move bur
pie move spa via convoy
por support mid
ruh support kie move mun
sev move mos
sil support bur move mun
spa/sc move mid
tyr support bur move mun
tys hold
ukr support sev move mos
vie move tri
war support lvn move pru
wes support pie move spa
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army lon
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Turkey: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move eng
ber hold
boh support tyr move mun
bot support stp
bre support mid
bur support par move gas
gal hold
ion support tun
iri support mid
kie support ber
gol support spa/sc
mar move bur
mos move lvn
mun move ber
naf support wes move mid
par move gas
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
pru support mun move ber
ruh move mun
sev move mos
sil support mun move ber
spa/sc support wes move mid
swe move den
tri move ven
tun support naf
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr support sev move mos
war support mos move lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Turkey: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move mun
boh support ber move mun
bot support stp
bre support mid
bur support gas move mar
den support kie
eng convoy lon move bel
gal move rum
gas move mar
ion move aeg
iri support mid
kie hold
lon move bel via convoy
lvn move stp
gol support spa/sc
mar support mun move bur
mos support lvn move stp
mun move bur
naf move mid
pie support mar
por move spa/sc
pru move ber
ruh support bur
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc support mar
tun move tys
ukr move war
ven move tyr
war move pru
wes support spa/sc
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army tri
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move hol
ber support mun move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bot support stp
bre support gas
bur support gas move mar
den support kie
eng support mid
gas move mar
iri support mid
kie hold
lvn support mos move stp
gol support spa/sc
mar support spa/sc
mos move stp
mun move kie
naf move mid
pie support mar
por move spa/sc
pru support ber
ruh support bur
rum move bul
sil support tyr move mun
tri move tyr
tun move tys
tyr move mun
tys move ion
ukr move rum
war hold
wes support spa/sc
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy bul move spa
ber move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bot support stp
bre support gas
bul move spa via convoy
bur hold
den support hol move kie
eng support mid
gas support bur
hol move kie
ion convoy bul move spa
iri support mid
kie hold
lvn support mos move stp
gol convoy bul move spa
mar support mun move bur
mos move stp
mun move bur
naf move mid
pie support mar
por move spa/sc
pru move ber
ruh support hol move kie
rum move bul
sil support tyr move mun
spa/sc move por
tri move tyr
tyr move mun
tys convoy bul move spa
war hold
wes support bul move spa
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
