PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move pru
bre hold
bud hold
con move bul
kie move hol
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move pic
rom move tus
smy move arm
tri hold
ven hold
vie move tyr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bre hold
bud move gal
bul hold
hol support ruh move bel
mos move sev
pic hold
pru hold
ruh move bel
sev move bla
spa move por
stp/sc move lvn
tri move adr
tyr hold
tys convoy tus move tun
ven move tus
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army sev
Russia: fleet/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sev move rum
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Army con
build Army kie
build Fleet mar
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel hold
ber move bal
bla support sev
bre move eng
bul move rum
con move bul
gal support bul move rum
hol move nth
kie move den
lvn move bot
mar move gol
mos move sev
por move spa
rum hold
sev hold
smy move aeg
tus move tun via convoy
tyr move pie
tys convoy tus move tun
ukr support mos move sev
ven move tus
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move gre
bal convoy pru move swe
bel move nwy via convoy
bla support sev
bul move rum
den support pru move swe
eng convoy pic move lon
gal move war
gol move mar
nth convoy bel move nwy
pic move lon
pie move mar
pru move swe via convoy
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
tun hold
tus hold
tys move gol
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Russia: army/dislodged ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Army con
build Army kie
build Army mar
build Army mun
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bal hold
ber move sil
bla support sev
bud move vie
con move bul
den move swe
eng convoy pic move lon
ion move tys
kie move ber
gol hold
mar hold
mun move boh
nth support pic move lon
nwy move stp
pic move lon via convoy
pie move mar
rom move tus
rum move ukr
sev support ukr move mos
smy move eas
spa support mar
swe move fin
tun move naf
tus move ven
tys move wes
ukr move mos
war move mos
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support swe
ber move mun
boh support sil move gal
bul move ser
eas move ion
fin support stp
gol support spa
mar hold
mos move lvn
naf move spa
pie move mar via convoy
sev move ukr
sil move gal
spa hold
stp hold
swe support fin
tus support tys move gol
tys move gol
ukr move mos
vie hold
war move gal
wes support naf move spa
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army bre
build Army con
build Army par
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move sev
bal convoy swe move pru
ber move sil
bla convoy ank move sev
boh move vie
bre move gas
con move bul
eng move mid
fin support stp
gal support boh move vie
gre move aeg
lon move yor
lvn support mos move stp
gol support pie move mar
mar hold
mos move stp
mun move tyr
naf move spa
par move bur
pie move mar
ser move bud
spa support mar
stp hold
swe move pru via convoy
tus move tys
ukr move gal
vie hold
war move pru
wes support naf move spa
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Germany: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support stp move lvn
boh support tyr move vie
bud move gal
bul move ser
bur support mar
fin move stp
gal move war
gas support spa
ion move adr
lvn support mos move stp
gol move wes
mid move wes
mar hold
mos move stp
naf move tun
nth support yor move edi
pie move tyr
sev move rum
sil support gal move war
spa hold
stp move lvn
swe move kie
tyr move vie
tys move wes
ukr support bud move gal
vie support pie move tyr
war support lvn
wes move naf
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Turkey: army/dislodged lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
lvn move pru
vie move tri
war move pru
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
build Army mun
build Army par
remove tyr
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
bal move bot
ber move pru
bla convoy con move sev
boh move gal
bur move mar
con move sev via convoy
edi move lvp
fin move stp
gal support ukr move war
gas move spa
ion move tys
lvn move mos
gol move pie
mid support spa move naf
mar move pie
mos support ukr move war
mun move tyr
naf support tys move wes
nth move ska
par move bur
rum support gal
ser move bud
sil support boh move gal
spa move naf
tri move vie
tun support naf
tys move wes
ukr move war
ven move tyr
vie support mun move tyr
war support lvn move mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
boh support vie
bot move bal
bud move vie
bur support gas move mar
gal support bud move vie
gas move mar
lvn support stp move mos
gol move pie
mid hold
mar move pie
mos support ukr
mun move tyr
naf move mid
par move gas
pru support war
rum support gal
sev support mos
sil move gal
ska convoy swe move den
spa support gas move mar
stp move mos
swe move den via convoy
tri support bud move vie
tun move naf
tys move tus
ukr support mos
ven move tyr
vie hold
war support sil move gal
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move eng
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove gol
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
bal move den
boh support vie move gal
bre support eng move mid
bud support gal move vie
bur move mar
den move kie
eng move mid
gal move vie
gas move spa
lvn support stp move mos
lvp move yor
mid move por
mar move pie
mos move war
mun move tyr
par move gas
pru move ber
rum move gal
sev support mos
sil support vie move gal
ska move nth
smy move aeg
spa move por
stp move mos
tri support gal move vie
tus move pie
ukr support rum move gal
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war move ukr
wes support mid
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet/dislodged mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
mid move nat
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber move kie
bla support sev
boh support vie
bre move mid
bud support tri move vie
bur move bel
den move hel
gal move boh
gas move spa
kie move ruh
lvn support mos
mid move wes
mar move bur
mos hold
mun move tyr
nat move nrg
nth move nrg
par move gas
rum support gal
sev move mos
sil move gal
spa move por
tri move vie
tus move pie
ukr move war
ven move tyr
vie hold
war support sil move gal
wes move spa/sc
yor move lvp
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
build Army tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bel move bur
boh move tyr
bre move mid
bud support rum move gal
bur move mar
gal move boh
gas move spa
hel move nth
ion move tys
kie move hol
lvn move war
lvp hold
mid move wes
mar move gol
mos support war move ukr
mun support boh move tyr
naf move spa via convoy
nat move mid
nth move nwy
par move gas
pie move gol
por support gas move spa
rum move gal
sev move mos
sil move gal
tri move tyr
ukr move war
ven support tri move tyr
vie hold
war move ukr
wes convoy naf move spa
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move bur
boh support sil move gal
bre move mid
bud support rum move gal
bur move mar
gal move boh
gas support spa
hol hold
ion move tys
lvn support mos
mid move wes
mar move gol
mos hold
mun move tyr
nat move iri
nth support nwy move nrg
nwy move nrg
pie support tys move gol
por support spa
ruh hold
rum move gal
sev move mos
sil move gal
spa hold
tri move tyr
tys move gol
ukr move war
ven support tri move tyr
vie support gal move boh
war support sil move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
ber support sil
boh move sil
bre support mid
bud support gal
bur support mar
gal support ukr move war
gas support spa
iri support wes move mid
lvn support mos
gol support ven move pie
mid hold
mar hold
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nth move eng
nrg move nat
pie move tus
por support spa
ruh support mun
sev move mos
sil support war move gal
spa hold
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr move war
ven move pie
vie hold
war move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
war move pru
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support mun
bla move sev
boh move sil
bre support mid
bud move rum
bur support mun
eng support hol move bel
gal move ukr
gas support mar
hol move bel
iri move wal
lvn support pru move war
gol support pie move mar
mid hold
mar hold
mos move lvn
mun move boh
naf move tun
nat hold
pic move bel
por support spa
pru move war
ruh support hol move bel
sil support pru move war
spa hold
tus move tys
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr support pru move war
vie move tyr
war move pru
wes move naf
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
remove por
remove ukr
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
boh move sil
bre support mid
bur support mar
con move bul
eng move lon
gal support war
gas support spa
lvn move stp
gol support wes move spa
mid hold
mar hold
mos move lvn
mun hold
naf move mid
nat move iri
pic support bre
pie move mar
pru move war
ruh support mun
rum move ukr
sev move bla
sil hold
spa hold
tyr move mun
tys move wes
vie move boh
wal move lon
war support boh move sil
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bla convoy con move sev
boh move sil
bre support mid
bul move rum
bur support mar
con move sev via convoy
gal move war
gas support spa
lvn support war move pru
lvp hold
gol support pie move mar
mid hold
mar hold
naf move mid
pie move mar
spa hold
tyr move mun
ukr move mos
vie move boh
wal move lon
war move pru
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
remove pic
build Army ven
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Turkey: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move pru
boh move sil
bre support mid
bur support mar
eng move wal
gas support spa
iri hold
kie move den
lon move nth
lvn support mos move stp
lvp move yor
gol support pie move mar
mos move stp
mun move kie
naf move mid
pie move mar
pru move ber
ruh move hol
rum move gal
sev move ukr
sil move gal
stp move nwy
tyr move mun
vie move boh
war support boh move sil
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
bel move pic
ber hold
boh move mun
den hold
hol move ruh
iri move nat
kie hold
lvn move stp
gol support pie move mar
mun move bur
naf move mid
nth support stp move nwy
nwy hold
pie move mar
pru move ber
rum move gal
sil support pru move ber
stp move nwy
ukr move mos
ven move pie
wal move lon
war move pru
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Germany: army/dislodged nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
nwy disband
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
ank move rum via convoy
ber move kie
bla convoy ank move rum
con move bul
den hold
gal move war
kie move hol
lon move eng
gol move spa/sc
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move kie
naf move mid
nth move edi
nwy move swe
pic support ruh move bur
pie move mar
pru move ber
ruh move bur
sil support mun
smy move aeg
stp move fin
tun move naf
tys move gol
vie move tyr
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
bur move par
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber move kie
boh move mun
bul move rum
bur hold
eng support pic move bre
fin move nwy
hol move bel
gol support pie move mar
mid convoy naf move por
mar move spa
mun move kie
naf move por via convoy
pic move bre
pie move mar
pru move ber
rum move gal
stp move fin
swe move den
tyr move mun
war move pru
wes support mar move spa
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
