PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move edi
mar move bur
mos move war
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move tus
sev move rum
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bot move bal
bur support tyr move mun
den move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
eng move lon
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
mos move ukr
nth convoy edi move nwy
pic move bre
ruh move mun
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
tus hold
tyr move mun
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army ven
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move den
bre move pic
bud support vie move gal
bur move bel
edi move nth
gal support rum
gre move aeg
hol support ruh move bel
kie move den
mun move sil
nap move ion
nth move den
par support bre move pic
por move spa/nc
ruh move bel
rum hold
ser move gre
swe support kie move den
tri move ser
tun move tys
tus move ven
ukr move mos
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war move pru
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move war
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ser move bul
bal convoy pru move kie
bel hold
bud move rum
bur support pic move bel
den hold
edi move nth
gal support bud move rum
gre support ser move bul
hol support bel
ion move eas
lon move eng
mos move ukr
nth move ska
nwy move swe
par move pic
pic move bel
rum hold
ser move bul
sil move ber
swe hold
tyr move mun
tys move ion
ven move tyr
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Italy: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move sev
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army bud
build Army kie
remove pru
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
bal support ber move kie
bel hold
ber support mun move kie
bud move rum
bul move con
bur support pic move bel
den support kie
eas move smy
eng support pic move bel
gal support rum move ukr
hol support bel
ion move adr
kie hold
mun move kie
nth move hel
nwy support ska move swe
par move pic
pic move bel
rum move ukr
sev move rum
ska move swe
spa/nc move por
swe hold
tyr support ven move tri
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tri
vie move boh
war support ukr
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
rum move ser
swe move bot
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move con
bal move kie
bel support bur move ruh
ber support bal move kie
boh move vie
bot move stp/sc
bre move par
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur move ruh
den support kie
eng move nth
gal support boh move vie
gre move alb
hel move ska
hol support kie
kie hold
mun support bal move kie
nwy support swe
pic move bel
por move mid
ruh move mun
rum hold
ser support bud move rum
smy support aeg move con
swe move bot
tri hold
tyr support mun
ukr move gal
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move boh
rum move sev
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
remove war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
bal move kie
bel move hol
ber support bal move kie
boh support vie
bot support nwy move stp
bul move ser
con move smy
den support kie
gal support tri move vie
hel move den
hol support kie
kie hold
mid move iri
mar move spa/sc
mun support bal move kie
nap move ion
nth support hel move den
nwy move stp
par move bur
pic hold
rom move nap
ruh support bel move hol
rum hold
ser move bud
sev hold
smy move con
stp/sc hold
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
vie support boh
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army/dislodged den
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet/dislodged stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move swe
stp/sc move fin
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tyr move tri
alb move gre
ber support kie
boh move gal
bot move fin
bur move bel
con move smy
den move swe
fin move swe
gal support sev move rum
ion move aeg
iri move lvp
kie move den
mun move boh
nap move ion
nth move eng
pic support bur move bel
ruh support hol
rum support boh move gal
ser support bud
sev move rum
smy move con
spa/sc move mid
stp support bot move fin
swe move nwy
tyr move tri
vie support tyr move tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army mos
build Army par
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr hold
aeg support ion move gre
bel hold
ber support mun move kie
boh move gal
bre move eng
bud support boh move gal
den move nth
eng move lon
fin move bot
gal support sev move rum
gre move bul
ion move gre
kie hold
lvp move iri
mid support bre move eng
mun move kie
nwy move swe
par move bre
pic move bur
ruh support mun move kie
rum move ukr
ser support bud
sev move rum
smy move con
stp hold
tri move ser
ven move tyr
vie move bud
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Russia: fleet/dislodged kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move den
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg support smy move con
bel move wal via convoy
ber move mun
boh support bud move gal
bot move swe
bre move lvp via convoy
bud move gal
bul support ser move rum
bur move par
den hold
eng convoy bel move wal
gal move war
gre move bul/sc
iri convoy bre move lvp
kie support den
lon move eng
mid convoy bre move lvp
nth support lon move eng
ruh move bel
rum hold
ser move rum
smy move con
stp move nwy
swe move fin
tri support vie move bud
tyr move mun
ukr move sev
vie move bud
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Austria: fleet/dislodged con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move ank
eng move pic
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
build Army edi
remove fin
remove gal
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg support con move bul
ank move con
ber support tyr move mun
bud support tri move ser
bul support ser
con move bul/ec
edi move cly
eng hold
gre support con move bul
iri support pic move eng
kie support tyr move mun
lvp move edi
mid support pic move eng
mos move sev
nap move tys
nth convoy nwy move edi
nwy move edi via convoy
par move bre
pic move eng
rom move tus
ruh move bur
rum support mos move sev
ser support bul
sev move arm
swe move nwy
tri move ser
tyr move mun
ven move tyr
war hold
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
England: army cly
Austria: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
England: army cly
Austria: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move ion
arm move smy
ber move pru
bre move wal via convoy
bud move rum
bul/ec support aeg move con
bur move gas
cly move lvp
con support arm move smy
den hold
eng move lon
gre move aeg
iri convoy bre move wal
kie hold
lon move eng
lvp hold
mid convoy bre move wal
mun support kie
nth convoy nwy move yor
nwy move yor via convoy
rum hold
ser support bul/ec
sev support rum
swe move nwy
tus move gol
tyr move boh
tys move wes
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
England: army cly
Italy: fleet con
Austria: fleet/dislodged con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
con move ank
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
England: army cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
England: army cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank hold
boh move gal
bud move rum
bul/ec support bud move rum
cly move lvp
con move bla
den move swe
eng move lon
gas move mar
ion move eas
iri move eng
kie move den
lon support nth move eng
lvp move yor
gol move wes
mid move spa/nc
mos move stp
mun move sil
nth move eng
nwy move nrg
pru move lvn
rom move ven
rum move bla
ser support bud move rum
sev move rum
smy hold
ven move tyr
wal support eng move lon
war hold
wes move naf
yor support cly move lvp
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Italy: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Italy: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
England: army lvp
France: army/dislodged lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
lvp move edi
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Italy: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
France: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Italy: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
ank hold
bel move hol
bul/ec move bla
con support bul/ec move bla
den hold
eas move smy
edi support iri move lvp
gal move war
hol move kie
iri move lvp
lvn move stp
lvp support yor move wal
mar support spa/nc
naf move mid
nth support nrg move edi
nrg move edi
rum move sev
ser move bul
sil support gal move war
smy hold
spa/nc hold
tyr move mun
ven move pie
wal support iri move lvp
wes support naf move mid
yor move wal
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Italy: army den
Russia: supply den
France: army/dislodged edi
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Austria: army/dislodged smy
Italy: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Italy: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
edi move cly
smy move arm
war move mos
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Italy: army den
Italy: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove arm
build Fleet bre
build Fleet nap
remove nth
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Italy: army den
Italy: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank hold
bla support rum move sev
bul move con
cly move lvp
con move smy
den move kie
edi move cly
iri support cly move lvp
lon move yor
lvn move mos
lvp support edi move cly
mid move spa/sc
mos move lvn
mun move bur
nap move tys
pie move mar
rom move ven
rum move sev
sev hold
sil move ber
smy move aeg
stp support mos move lvn
swe move nwy
ven move tyr
wal support cly move lvp
war support lvn move mos
wes support mid move spa
yor support lvp
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Italy: army den
Italy: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: army lvp
England: army/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet/dislodged spa/nc
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
lvp move edi
sev move ukr
spa/nc move por
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Italy: army den
Italy: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank hold
ber move kie
bla move rum
bur support pie move mar
cly support edi move lvp
den support ber move kie
edi move lvp
hol move bel
ion move tys
iri support lvp
kie support hol move den
lon support wal move yor
lvn move mos
lvp support wal move yor
mos support ukr move sev
nwy hold
pie move mar
sev support lvn move mos
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp hold
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ukr move sev
ven move pie
wal move yor
war support lvn move mos
wes move mid
yor support edi move lvp
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Italy: army den
Italy: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
France: army/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: fleet rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
kie move hol
mar move gas
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Italy: army den
Italy: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: fleet rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
