PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tri
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla support bul move rum
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur support pic move bel
con move bul
edi move nwy via convoy
hol hold
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move por
nth move den
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic move bel
rom move tus
ruh move mun
ser move tri
sev move arm
ukr support rum
ven move tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet ber
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Army stp
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move smy
arm move ank
bel support edi move hol
ber move bal
bud move tri
bur move ruh
con move ank
edi move hol via convoy
gre move ion
hol hold
kie move den
mar move gol
mun hold
nth convoy edi move hol
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
par move pic
por move spa/sc
rum support sev move bla
ser support bud move tri
sev move bla
tri move adr
ukr support rum
vie move tyr
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol move kie
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
arm move ank
bel support hol
bla support arm move ank
bul move gre
con support smy move ank
den hold
hol support ruh move kie
ion move nap
kie move hol
gol move tys
mun move kie
nth support nwy
nrg move bar
nwy hold
pic move bur
ruh support pic move bur
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
smy move ank
spa/sc hold
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tun move ion
tus support ven
tyr move pie
ukr support rum
ven hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support pie move ven
arm move ank
bal move den
bar support nwy
bel move ruh
bla support arm move ank
bud move ser
bul support bla move con
bur support ruh move mun
con support gre move bul
den move kie
edi move nth
gre move bul
hol move kie
ion move tun
kie move ber
mar move gol
mun hold
nap move rom
nth move ska
nwy hold
pie move ven
ruh move mun
rum move sev
smy support ank
spa/sc move wes
swe move fin
tri support pie move ven
tus move rom
tys move rom
ukr move mos
ven hold
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul move rum
mun move boh
ven move apu
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
apu support tus move rom
arm move smy
bal move ber
bar move stp/nc
ber move kie
bla support rum move bul
boh move sil
bul move gre
bur move ruh
con move bul
den hold
fin support stp
hol support ruh move kie
gol move tys
mos move war
mun support ruh move kie
nap support ven move rom
nth move den
nwy support ska move swe
ruh move kie
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move arm
ska move swe
smy support ank
tri move vie
tun hold
tus move rom
tys move tun
ven move rom
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tun move naf
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
remove fin
build Army mar
remove naf
build Army par
remove sil
build Fleet tri
remove tus
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support con
apu move rom
arm move ank
bar support nwy move stp
ber support den move kie
bla support arm move ank
bre move mid
bul move gre
con support gre move bul
den move kie
edi move nth
gre move bul
hol support kie
ion support nap move tys
kie support mun move ber
mar move pie
mun move ber
nap move tys
nth move den
nwy move stp
par move bur
ruh move mun
ser support bul move gre
sev move rum
smy support ank
swe support nth move den
tri move alb
tun support tys move ion
tys move ion
ven move pie
vie move tyr
war move mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Austria: fleet/dislodged ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move aeg
stp move fin
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
alb support ser move gre
arm move ank
bar support stp
ber hold
bla support arm move ank
bul move con
bur support ruh move mun
con support ank
den hold
fin support mos move stp
gre move bul
hol move nwy via convoy
ion support tun move tys
kie support mun move ber
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos move stp
mun move ber
nap support ven move rom
nth convoy hol move nwy
rom hold
ruh move mun
ser move gre
smy support ank
stp hold
swe support hol move nwy
tun move tys
tyr move pie
ven move rom
wes move gol
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: fleet/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: army/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber disband
rom disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
remove fin
build Army lvp
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support alb move ion
alb move ion
ank support smy move con
arm support con move smy
bar move stp/nc
ber move sil
bla support rum move bul
bre move mid
bud move ser
bul move con
bur move mun
con move smy
den move ska
edi move nrg
gre move ser
ion move apu
kie support bur move mun
lvp move edi
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mun move boh
nap support alb move ion
nth hold
nwy move swe
rom support nap
rum move bul/ec
smy support bul move con
stp move lvn
swe move bal
tri move adr
tyr move mun
tys move ion
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
smy move syr
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy gre move ven
aeg support ion
ank support con
apu support tys move ion
arm move ank
bal convoy swe move pru
bla support arm move ank
boh support mun move tyr
bud move vie
bul/ec support con
con support syr move smy
edi move swe via convoy
gre move ven via convoy
ion convoy gre move ven
kie move mun
lvn move war
gol move tys
mid move wes
mos move war
mun move tyr
nap support ion
nth convoy edi move swe
nrg hold
pie move ven
rom support nap
sil move war
ska convoy edi move swe
smy support arm move ank
stp/nc hold
swe move pru via convoy
syr move smy
tun support tys move ion
tyr move pie
tys move ion
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Austria: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
smy disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army sev
build Army tri
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move smy
ank support bla move con
apu support tys move ion
bal convoy swe move pru
bla move con
boh move gal
bul/ec support bla move con
con support smy
gre move ser
ion move tys
lvn support pru move war
gol move tys
mos support war
mun move boh
nap support ion move tys
nth move nrg
nrg move bar
pie support tyr move ven
pru move war
rom support nap
sev move ukr
sil support pru move war
ska hold
smy support con
stp/nc hold
swe move pru
tri support adr move ven
tun support tys move ion
tyr move ven
tys move ion
vie support tri
war support mos
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Austria: fleet/dislodged ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move gre
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move ion
apu support ion move nap
bal hold
bar hold
boh support gal move vie
gal move vie
gre support aeg move ion
ion move nap
lvn move mos
nap support aeg move ion
nrg hold
pie move ven
pru support war
rom support nap
ser move bud
sil move gal
ska hold
smy move ank
stp/nc hold
tri support vie move tyr
tun move ion
tyr support gal move vie
tys support ion move nap
vie move tyr
war support lvn move mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet/dislodged ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: army/dislodged tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
Austria: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move alb
mos disband
tyr move mun
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
France: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
remove gre
build Army lvp
build Army mar
remove tyr
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
France: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
alb support ven move tri
apu move adr
bal hold
bar convoy edi move stp
boh move vie
bre move mid
bud move vie
edi move stp via convoy
gal support vie move bud
ion support nap move tys
lvp move edi
mar move pie
mos support war move ukr
mun move tyr
nap move tys
nrg convoy edi move stp
pru move war
rom move ven
ska hold
stp/nc move nwy
tri support rom move ven
tun support tys move ion
tys move ion
ven move tri
vie move bud
war move ukr
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
France: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Austria: fleet/dislodged ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
Russia: army/dislodged ukr
Austria: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move rum
ion move aeg
tri move ser
ukr disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
France: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
England: army ukr
Austria: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support aeg move ion
aeg move ion
alb move adr
apu support ion move nap
bar convoy edi move stp
bud support tri
edi move stp via convoy
gal support bud
ion move nap
mos move sev
nap support aeg move ion
nrg convoy edi move stp
pie move ven
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
smy move ank
stp move mos
tri support pie move ven
tun support wes move tys
tyr support pie move ven
ukr support mos move sev
ven hold
vie support tri
war hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
France: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Austria: fleet/dislodged nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
Austria: army/dislodged ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
nap move rom
ven move tus
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
France: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
build Army mar
build Army par
remove tus
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move ion
bal hold
bar convoy edi move stp
bre move eng
bud support tri move ser
edi move stp via convoy
gal move sil
ion support rom move tys
mid move nat
mar move bur
mos hold
nap support ven move rom
nrg convoy edi move stp
nwy move nth
par move pic
rom move tys
rum move gal
ser move gre
sev support ukr move rum
ska hold
smy move ank
stp move lvn
tri move ser
tun support apu move ion
tyr move mun
tys support ven move rom
ukr move rum
ven move rom
vie move gal
war move ukr
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
France: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Austria: fleet/dislodged ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
Austria: fleet/dislodged rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army rum
Austria: supply rum
France: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
ion move adr
rom move tus
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
France: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army rum
Austria: supply rum
France: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
France: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
alb move gre
ank support con move smy
bal convoy lvn move kie
bar convoy stp move edi
bud support ser
bur move bel
con move smy
eng convoy pic move wal
ion support alb move gre
lvn move kie via convoy
mos move war
mun move kie
nat move lvp
nap move rom
nth move yor
nrg convoy stp move edi
pic move wal via convoy
rom move ven
ser support alb move gre
sil move ber
ska move nth
stp move edi via convoy
tun move wes
tus move gol
tys support nap move rom
ukr support mos move war
vie move tri
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army rum
Austria: supply rum
France: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
France: army wal
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
smy move syr
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: fleet gre
France: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
England: army rum
England: supply rum
France: army ser
France: supply ser
England: army sev
England: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: supply vie
France: army wal
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
