PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hel
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar support par move bur
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tri
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hel
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ser move gre
bot move swe
bur move bel
edi move nwy via convoy
hel move den
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
mar move spa
mun move bur
nth move den
nrg convoy edi move nwy
rum support ukr move sev
ser move gre
tri move ser
ukr move sev
ven hold
vie move gal
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army bud
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army rom
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
bel move ruh
bre move pic
bud support gal
bur move bel
gal hold
gre move bul
hel move den
hol support bur move bel
kie support hel move den
lon support nrg move nth
mar move bur
nap move ion
nth move den
nrg move nth
nwy hold
par support mar move bur
por move mid
rom move apu
rum hold
ser support gre move bul
sev hold
spa move gas
stp/sc move lvn
swe support nth move den
tun move tys
ukr support sev
ven move tyr
war move pru
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel hold
bud support ser move rum
bul move con
bur support pic move bel
gal support ser move rum
gas move mar
gre move bul/sc
hel move den
hol support bel
ion move eas
kie support hel move den
lon move nth
lvn move bal
nth move den
nrg move nwy
nwy move stp
par move pic
pic move bel
pru move ber
ruh support pic move bel
rum move bla
ser move rum
swe support nth move den
tyr move mun
tys move ion
ukr move war
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
remove hol
build Army rom
build Army tri
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move smy via convoy
bal move lvn
bel move hol
ber move kie
bud move gal
bul/sc move con
bur support ruh
con move ank
eas convoy apu move smy
edi move nth
gal move ukr
hel move hol
ion convoy apu move smy
kie support hel move hol
lon move wal
mun support ven move tyr
nth move ska
nwy move swe
pic move bel
rom move ven
ruh support bel move hol
rum support gal move ukr
stp move mos
swe move den
ven move tyr
vie move boh
war move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel support hol
ber support den move kie
boh move sil
bur move ruh
con move aeg
den move kie
eas support smy
gal move war
hel move den
hol support ruh move kie
kie support hel move den
lvn move stp/sc
mar move bur
mun support boh move sil
nth support ska move den
ruh move kie
rum move sev
sev move mos
ska move den
smy support ank
stp move mos
swe support ska move den
tyr support mun
ukr support rum move sev
ven hold
wal hold
war support sev move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move bal
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove ber
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
remove hel
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bal move ber
bel move ruh
den move bal
eas move aeg
edi move yor
gal move war
hol support ruh move kie
ion support eas move aeg
kie move ber
lon move nth
lvn move bal
mun move ber
nap move tys
nth move nwy
rom move ven
ruh move kie
sev move mos
sil support mun move ber
smy hold
stp move mos
swe support den move bal
tyr move mun
ukr support sev move mos
ven move tyr
vie move boh
wal hold
war hold
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet/dislodged aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Russia: fleet/dislodged bal
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg disband
bal move bot
kie move den
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
bal move ber
ber support mun
boh support tyr move mun
bre move mid
bur move mun
con move tus
den hold
gal move war
hol support kie
ion move gre
kie support bal move ber
mid move naf
mar move pie
mos support war
mun support ber
nth convoy yor move den
nwy support stp
ruh support bur move mun
sil support gal move war
smy move ank
stp support war move mos
swe support yor move den
tri move ser
tyr move vie
tys move ion
ukr support mos
ven move tri
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Italy: army/dislodged ber
England: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
mun move tyr
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove boh
build Fleet bre
remove con
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
remove sil
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
ber hold
bre move mid
bul/sc move con
den move swe
gal move rum
gre move ion
hol move ruh
ion move tun
kie move mun
lon move den via convoy
mid move wes
mar move gol
mos support pru move war
mun move tyr
naf move tun
nap move tys
nth convoy lon move den
nwy move stp/nc
pie move tus
pru move war
rom move tus
ruh move bur
ser move bul
stp move lvn
swe move bal
tri support vie move bud
tyr move vie
ukr move sev
ven support rom move tus
vie move bud
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Italy: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Italy: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal convoy den move pru
ber support den move pru
bud move rum
bul move ser
con support gre move bul
den move pru via convoy
gre move bul/sc
ion support tys move tun
lvn move war
gol move tys
mid move spa/sc
mos support arm move sev
mun move boh
naf move tun
nth move ska
pie support tyr move ven
ruh move mun
rum support sev
sev support rum
stp/nc hold
swe move fin
tri support ven
tus move tys
tyr move ven
tys move tun
ven support tri
vie move bud
wal hold
war support mos
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Austria: army/dislodged sev
Italy: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Italy: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move den
ber move bal
boh move sil
bud support sev move rum
bul/sc move gre
bur hold
con move bul/ec
fin move stp
ion support tys move tun
lvn support pru move war
gol support pie move tus
mos support war move lvn
naf move tun
nap move apu
pie move tus
pru move war
rom support ven
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move rum
ska move nth
spa/sc support wes
stp/nc move bar
tri move tyr
tus move gol
tyr move pie
ven support tri move tyr
vie support tri move tyr
wal hold
war move lvn
wes support gol
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
England: army/dislodged lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
lvn move pru
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu support ven
bal support stp move lvn
bar move stp/nc
bud move ser
bul support ser move rum
bur move mun
con move bul/sc
den hold
gre support con move bul
ion move tun
lvn move war
gol move tus
mos support lvn move war
mun move tyr
nth hold
pie support tus move ven
pru support war
rom move tus
rum support bud move ser
ser move rum
sil move boh
spa/sc move gol
stp move lvn
tus move ven
tyr move tri
tys support rom move tus
ven support rom move tus
vie move tri
wal hold
war hold
wes support tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move adr
bal hold
boh move tyr
bre move mid
bul/sc move con
bur support mun
den move ska
gre move bul/sc
ion support tys
lon move den via convoy
lvn support war move mos
gol support pie
mar support pie
mos move ukr
mun support boh move tyr
nap support tys
nth convoy lon move den
pie support boh move tyr
pru move war
rom move tus
rum move gal
ser move bud
stp/nc hold
tun support wes
tus move pie
tyr support tus move pie
tys support rom move tus
ven support tus move pie
vie support rum move gal
wal hold
war move mos
wes support tun
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tyr move tri
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support rom move ven
bal convoy den move pru
bud move gal
bul/sc move con
bur move mun
con move bla
den move pru via convoy
gal move boh
ion support tys
lvn move war
gol support pie move tus
mid move naf
mar move pie
mos support lvn move war
mun move boh
nap support tys
nth hold
pie move tus
rom move ven
ska hold
spa/sc move mar
stp/nc hold
tri support vie move tyr
tus support ven move pie
tyr support mar move pie
tys support tus
ukr move sev
ven move pie
vie move tyr
wal hold
war move sil
wes support tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
England: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army lon
build Army par
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
England: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
bal hold
bla move sev
bre move par
bud support gal
bur move mun
con move bul/ec
gal support tyr move boh
ion support tys
lon move den via convoy
gol move tys
mar move pie
mos support war move ukr
mun move boh
naf support tun
nap support tys
nth convoy lon move den
par move bur
pie support ven move tyr
pru move war
sev move ukr
sil support pru move war
ska hold
spa/sc support wes
stp/nc move nwy
tri move vie
tun support gol move tys
tus support pie
tyr move boh
tys support tus
ven move tyr
wal hold
war move ukr
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
England: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
