PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move fin
ven move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla move con
bul move ser
con move bul
den move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
fin move swe
gal move vie
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move spa/sc
nth move hol
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic move bel
ruh move mun
rum hold
spa move por
stp move mos
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Russia: army gal
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bel move hol
ber move kie
bre move eng
bul move gre
con move aeg
den move swe
fin move swe
gal move boh
kie move ruh
lon move eng
mar move gol
mos move stp
nap move apu
nth move hel
nrg move nth
nwy support fin move swe
par move pic
por move spa
ser move alb
smy move eas
spa/sc move wes
tri support tyr move vie
tun move ion
tyr move vie
ven move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb move ser
apu support ion
boh move mun
bre move eng
con move bul
den support kie
gal move bud
gre hold
hel move den
hol hold
ion hold
kie support den
lon move eng
gol hold
mun support kie
nth support hel move den
pic move bel
ruh move bur
rum hold
spa move mar
tri support vie
tyr support vie
vie hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army par
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Fleet ven
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
apu support ion
bel support hol
boh move mun
bre move eng
bud move tri
bul support aeg move gre
bur move gas
den move kie
eas support smy move aeg
gal move bud
gre move alb
hel move den
hol support bel
ion hold
kie move ber
lon move eng
gol move mar
mid move nat
mar move gas
mun move boh
nth support hel move den
par support mar move gas
rum move sev
ser support gre move alb
sev move rum
smy move aeg
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move bud
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie support tri move bud
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: army/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move fin
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb move tri
bel support hol
ber move sil
boh move mun
bre move mid
bul support ser
bur move pic
eas move ion
fin move stp
gal support sev move rum
gas move bur
gre support eas move ion
hol support bel
lon move eng
mar hold
mun support ber move sil
nat move lvp
nth move nwy
nwy move stp
par support gas move bur
rum move sev
ser support alb move tri
sev move rum
swe hold
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: fleet/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
remove fin
remove mun
build Fleet nap
build Army stp
build Fleet ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
apu support nap move ion
bel support par move pic
boh move mun
bre support mid move eng
bud move ser
bul support ser
bur move mun
con move aeg
den move kie
eng move bel
gal move bud
gre move ion
hol support bel
ion move tun
kie move ber
mid move eng
nap move ion
nth support eng move bel
par move pic
pic move bel
ser support tri move bud
sil move war
tri move bud
tyr move mun
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move wal
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
apu move adr
bel support par move pic
ber move kie
boh move mun
bre support par move pic
bud move tri
bul move gre
bur move mun
eng move iri
gal move bud
gre move alb
hol support bel
ion move gre
mar move gol
nth move lon
par move pic
pic move bel
rum move bul/ec
ser support bud move tri
sev support stp move mos
stp move mos
swe move den
tri hold
tun hold
tyr support bur move mun
vie support tri
wal move lon
war move mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army/dislodged pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
pic move bur
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove ber
build Fleet con
build Army mar
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg support eas move ion
alb move gre
bel move hol
boh move sil
bre move eng
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
bur move par
con move bla
den move kie
eas move ion
gal move war
hol move kie
ion support tri move alb
iri move mid
lvp move wal
gol move mar
mar move spa
mos support gal move war
mun support hol move kie
pic move par
rum move bla
ser support bud move rum
sev move rum
tri move alb
tun support eas move ion
tyr support vie
vie hold
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
France: army kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ion move tys
kie move ber
war move lvn
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move ion
alb support adr move ion
ber move kie
bul move ser
bur move par
con move bla
eng move lon
gre move alb
hol move bel
ion move apu
kie support mun move ber
lvn move stp
lvp move wal
mid move wes
mar move gol
mos move stp
mun move ber
nth move bel
pic move par
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sil move war
spa move gas
tun support aeg move ion
tyr move tri
tys move nap
vie move bud
wal move lon
war move mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
France: army ber
England: fleet/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move bal
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
remove bur
build Fleet con
remove lvn
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
alb move ion
apu move nap
ber move kie
bla move arm
bud support ser move tri
con move bla
eng support lvp move wal
gas move bur
gre move alb
hol support pic move bel
ion support apu move nap
kie move mun
lvp move wal
gol move tys
mar move gol
nap support alb move ion
nth move lon
nwy hold
par move pic
pic move bel
rum support bud
ser move tri
sil move mun
stp/sc move bot
tri support vie move bud
tun support ion
vie move bud
wal move lvp
war move pru
wes move naf
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
England: fleet/dislodged wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
wal move iri
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ion
apu support ion move nap
arm move sev
bel move ruh
ber support bur move mun
bla support arm move sev
bot move bal
bud support ser
bur move mun
den move kie
eng convoy pic move lon
gre move alb
ion move nap
iri move lvp
kie support ber
gol move wes
mos move war
naf move tun
nap support alb move ion
pic move lon via convoy
pru support sil move ber
rum support arm move sev
ser support bud
sev move mos
sil move ber
tri support vie move bud
tun move ion
tys support alb move ion
ven move apu
vie move bud
wal support pic move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move adr
lon move nth
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tun move ion
alb move gre
apu support tun move ion
bal support ber move kie
ber move kie
bla move con
bud hold
con move bul
den support ber move kie
eng move bel
hol support ruh move kie
ion move aeg
kie move ber
lon move yor
mos hold
mun support kie move ber
naf move tun
nap support tys move ion
nth move eng
pru move ber
ruh move kie
rum move sev
ser support bud
sev move bla
tri support ven
tun move ion
tys move ion
ven support tri
vie support tri
wal move lvp
war move sil
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr support apu move ven
aeg move con
apu move ven
bal move swe
bel move eng
ber support sil move mun
bla move con
bud support ser move tri
bul support gre
con move smy
den move nth
eng move bre
gre support bul
hol support mun move kie
ion move nap
kie support sil move mun
mos hold
mun move kie
nap move apu
ruh support mun move kie
ser move tri
sev hold
tri support vie
tun move ion
tys support tun move ion
ven move adr
vie support tri
wal support bel move eng
wes move tun
yor move edi
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
Russia: army/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move den
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army con
build Army mar
build Army par
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support nap move apu
apu move ven
ber support sil move mun
bla move con
bre move mid
bud move vie
bul move ser
con move bul
den move kie
edi support wal move lvp
eng move bel
gre support smy move aeg
hol move kie
ion move nap
kie move mun
mar move pie
mos hold
nap move apu
nth convoy nwy move bel
nwy move bel via convoy
par move bre
ruh support kie move mun
ser move tri
sev hold
sil move mun
smy move aeg
swe move den
tri support apu move ven
tun move ion
tys support ion move nap
ven support ser move tri
vie move gal
wal move lvp
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: fleet/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lvp move iri
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move ion
apu support ven
ber move mun
bla move sev
bul move ser
con move bul
den move kie
eng move lon
gal move war
gre support aeg move ion
hol move kie
iri move mid
kie move mun
mid move por
mos move war
nap support ion
nth convoy nwy move lon
nwy move lon via convoy
pie support tri move ven
ruh support kie move mun
ser move bud
sev move rum
sil support mos move war
swe move den
tri move ven
tys move rom
ven support adr move tri
vie support adr move tri
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move tyr
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove gal
remove mid
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Fleet smy
remove tyr
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy move eas
apu move nap
ber support den move kie
bre move gas
bud move vie
bul move ser
den move kie
eng move lon
gre support aeg
hol support ruh move kie
ion move eas
lvp move cly
mar move spa/sc
mun support pie move tyr
nap move ion
nth convoy nwy move yor
nwy move yor via convoy
par move bur
pie move tyr
por move mid
rom move tys
ruh move kie
rum move gal
ser move tri
sil move boh
smy move eas
swe move nwy
tri move alb
ven support apu
vie move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb move adr
apu support eas move ion
ber move kie
boh support sil move mun
bud move tri
den support ber move kie
eas move ion
gal support vie
gre support eas move ion
mid move por
nth support yor move lon
nwy move nrg
ser move alb
sil move mun
tri move ven
ven support alb move adr
vie support bud move tri
yor move lon
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet/dislodged ion
Russia: army kie
France: supply kie
Russia: army lon
France: fleet/dislodged lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army war
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: army lon
Russia: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy alb move rom
aeg move con
alb move rom via convoy
apu move nap
boh move tyr
bud support vie
den move swe
gal move ukr
gre support ion
ion support apu move nap
kie hold
lon move yor
mos move stp
mun hold
nth support nrg move edi
nrg move edi
sev hold
stp/sc move bot
tri move tyr
ven hold
vie support tri move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: army/dislodged edi
Russia: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
France: fleet/dislodged nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: army/dislodged tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
adr convoy alb move apu
alb move apu via convoy
boh support sil move mun
bot move swe
bud move vie
con move bla
edi hold
gre move ion
ion move tun
kie move hol
mun move kie
nap move rom
nth support kie move hol
sev hold
sil move mun
stp move mos
swe move nwy
tyr move pie
ukr move gal
vie move tyr
yor move lvp
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
France: army/dislodged hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
ank move sev via convoy
apu move nap
bla convoy ank move sev
boh move mun
con move bul
edi hold
gal support vie
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie move hol
lvp hold
mos move war
mun move kie
nth support hol move bel
nwy move swe
pie move mar
rom support apu move nap
sev move arm
stp/nc move nwy
swe move den
tun move wes
tyr move pie
ven hold
vie support gal
war move sil
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move ank
bel hold
bla convoy bul move sev
bul move sev via convoy
den move swe
edi hold
gal move war
hol support bel
kie hold
lvp hold
mar support wes move spa
mun hold
nap hold
nth move eng
nwy move nth
pie support mar
rom move tys
sev move mos
sil support mun
swe move nwy
tri hold
tun support rom move tys
ven hold
vie hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: supply lon
Russia: army lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Turkey: army mar
Turkey: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Turkey: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
