PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move rum
con move bul
edi hold
kie move den
lon move wal
lvp move yor
mar move bur
mos move ukr
par hold
rom move apu via convoy
sev hold
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move ven
ven move pie
vie move gal
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bot move swe
bur hold
den move ska
edi move nth
kie move den
sev hold
ukr hold
wal support yor move lon
war move gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army kie
build Army mos
build Army stp
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
arm hold
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul
den move nwy via convoy
eng move iri
kie move hol
mos move ukr
mun support kie
nth move hol
sev hold
ska support den move nwy
swe move nwy
wal hold
war hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move ank
bel hold
bul move ser
con move bul
den move nwy
gre hold
iri move nat
kie move hol
lon hold
mos move lvn
mun move ruh
nap hold
nth move hol
nwy hold
sev move bla
ska support den move nwy
ukr move gal
wal move eng
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army mos
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
bel move hol
bul move ser
con move bul
den move swe
eng support lon move bel
gre hold
kie move hol
lon move bel
lvn move pru
mos move lvn
nth support lon move bel
par move pic
pie move ven
ruh support kie move hol
ser move alb
ska support den move swe
smy move aeg
ukr support war move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
ank hold
bel move hol
bla move sev
bul hold
eng move bre
gal move vie
gre move alb
hol hold
lvn move war
nat move nrg
nap move apu
nwy hold
pic hold
pie move tus
pru move ber
ruh support hol
ser move bud
ska move nwy
swe support ska move nwy
ukr move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army smy
build Army stp
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb hold
ank move bla
bel move ruh
bud hold
bul move ser
con move bul
gal move rum
hol hold
ion move adr
kie support hol
mos move ukr
mun support ruh move bur
nth move eng
nrg move nth
nwy hold
pic move bur
ruh move bur
sev support gal move rum
smy move syr
swe move den via convoy
tri move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr hold
alb hold
ber hold
bla hold
bre move gas
bud hold
bul hold
bur move gas
den hold
edi move yor
eng support lon move bel
gal support vie move bud
hol hold
kie support hol
lon move bel via convoy
mun hold
nth move ska
nwy hold
pic move bur
ruh move mun
ser hold
sev support rum
syr hold
tus hold
tyr hold
ukr move rum
vie move bud
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Turkey: army/dislodged bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bud move tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army mos
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
apu hold
bla move sev
bre move mid
bud move ser
bul hold
bur move gas
den hold
eng move bre
gal move vie
hol hold
kie hold
lon hold
mos move war
mun hold
nwy hold
pic hold
ruh hold
rum support bud move ser
ser hold
ska move nth
syr hold
tri move vie
tus hold
tyr hold
ukr support rum
war move gal
yor support lon
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
ser move gre
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
bla move sev
bul move ser
den hold
gal move bud
gas move spa
gre move alb
hol hold
kie hold
mid move por
mos move ukr
mun hold
nth hold
nwy hold
pic hold
ruh hold
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
syr hold
tri move vie
tyr hold
ukr move rum
war move gal
yor move edi
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bul move con
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lvp
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr hold
alb hold
ber move sil
bla hold
bud move ser
bul move gre
con move bul
den move nwy
gal move bud
hol hold
kie move den
lon move bel
lvp move yor
mos move war
mun hold
nwy move nrg
pic move par
ruh hold
rum support gal move bud
sev move arm
spa hold
syr hold
tyr hold
ukr move sev
vie move bud
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr hold
alb hold
arm move ank
bla move arm
bud hold
bul hold
gre move bul
hol hold
kie support hol
lon move bel via convoy
mun hold
nrg convoy den move cly
rum support gre move bul
ser move tri
sil move boh
spa hold
syr hold
tyr hold
vie move gal
war move gal
yor hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Russia: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army mos
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank support sev move arm
boh move vie
bre move eng
bud move ser
bul move con
den move kie
hol hold
kie move mun
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nrg move nat
por move mid
rum support bud move ser
sev move arm
spa hold
tri support boh move vie
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
Turkey: fleet/dislodged arm
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Turkey: army/dislodged vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm move smy
edi move nrg
eng move mid
gal move bud
hol hold
kie support hol
mid move wes
mun hold
nat move cly
rum move ser
ser move gre
spa move por
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ukr move gal
yor move edi
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove lon
build Army mos
build Fleet sev
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet arm
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move ank
bud move vie
cly move lvp
con move bul
edi move cly
gal move boh
hol move bel
kie move ruh
mid move wes
mos move lvn
mun support kie move ruh
nrg support edi move cly
por move spa
ser move alb
sev hold
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
ven move pie
vie move tyr
war move sil
wes move tun
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
France: army/dislodged ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
England: army cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bel hold
bot move bal
cly move edi
lvp hold
mun move bur
nrg move nwy
ruh support bel
sev move arm
spa move mar
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
vie move tyr
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
build Fleet sev
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army war
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
arm move ank
bal hold
bel move pic
boh move vie
bul move ser
bur move gas
con move bul
edi move lvp
kie move den
lon move eng
lvn move swe
lvp hold
mid move por
mar move spa
mun move bur
nwy move ska
pie support ven move tus
ruh move hol
sev move arm
sil hold
stp/sc move bot
tun move ion
ven move tus
war move gal
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
Russia: army tus
Italy: army/dislodged tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
Russia: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move nap
ank move con
arm move ank
bal move ber
bur move par
con move smy
den hold
edi move lvp
eng move bel
gal move boh
gas move bre
hol move bel
ion move nap
lvn move swe
lvp hold
pic support bur move par
pie move mar
por hold
ska move swe
tus move rom
tyr move ven
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Russia: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
build Army lon
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move con
bot support lvn move swe
bre hold
con move aeg
den move ska
eng support lon move bel
gre move alb
kie move den
lon move bel via convoy
lvn move swe
lvp move iri
mar move spa
mos move lvn
mun hold
nap hold
par move pic
pic move bel
smy move aeg
spa move por
swe hold
tri move tyr
ven move tus
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
Russia: army tus
Russia: army tyr
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel hold
ber move bal
bot hold
bre hold
den move ska
edi move lvp
hol support bel
iri move mid
lon hold
mos move stp
mun move ruh
pic hold
rom move apu
ska move nth
smy move aeg
spa hold
swe hold
tus move rom
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
remove ruh
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move con
apu move nap
bal move swe
bel move lon via convoy
bot support bal move swe
con move smy
hol move yor via convoy
mid support spa move por
nap move ion
nth support ska move nwy
rom support apu move nap
ska move nwy
spa move por
stp move fin
tri move ven
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Russia: army nap
England: fleet/dislodged nap
England: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army por
England: supply por
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nap move tys
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Russia: army nap
England: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army por
England: supply por
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bot move bal
bre hold
bul move gre
con move aeg
hol move lon via convoy
nth support hol move lon
pic support bre
ser move tri
smy move eas
tyr move ven
tys move ion
ven move tus
vie move tyr
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Russia: army nap
Russia: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Russia: army rom
Russia: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
England: supply tun
Russia: army tus
Russia: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ven
Russia: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
