PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bot move swe
bur move mar
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move spa/sc
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
rum move sev
ser support alb move gre
spa move por
tyr support ven move tri
ukr support rum move sev
ven move tri
vie move tri
war move mos
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Army ven
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
ber move bal
bla support arm move sev
bud support ser move tri
bul move rum
den move kie
gre hold
hol move bel
kie move hel
lon move eng
mar support mun move bur
mos support sev
mun move bur
nap support tun move ion
nth convoy yor move bel
nwy hold
par move bur
pic move bel
por move spa
ser move tri
sev support ukr move rum
smy move aeg
spa/sc move gol
stp hold
swe hold
tri support tyr move vie
tun move ion
tyr move vie
ukr move rum
ven support tri
vie move tyr
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bal move den
bud move rum
bur move bel
eng support nth move bel
gre support ser move bul
hel move nth
hol support bur move bel
ion move aeg
kie move ruh
gol support spa move mar
mar hold
mos support sev
nap move tys
nth move bel
nwy move ska
par move bur
pic support par move bur
ser move bul
sev support ukr move rum
spa move mar
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri hold
tyr move boh
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
vie hold
yor hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
Germany: army/dislodged mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bur move mun
mar disband
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bre
remove ska
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
boh support tyr move vie
bre move pic
bud support vie
bul move con
bur support pic move bel
den support hel move nth
eng support pic move bel
gre support ion move aeg
hel move nth
hol support ruh move bel
ion move alb
mar support bur
mos support sev
mun move tyr
nth move den
nwy hold
pic move bel
ruh move bel
rum move bud
sev hold
stp move fin
tri move ser
tyr move vie
tys move ion
vie hold
war move ukr
yor hold
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
nth move edi
vie move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb support ion move gre
arm move sev
bel support bur move ruh
bla support arm move sev
boh move vie
bud support tri
bul move ser
bur move ruh
den move nth
edi move nth
eng move lon
fin hold
gre hold
hol support den move nth
ion move gre
gol move mar
mar move bur
mos support ukr move sev
nth move nrg
nwy support den move nth
pic support bel
ruh move mun
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move rum
tri hold
tyr support vie move tri
ukr move sev
vie move tri
yor move lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
gre move aeg
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Fleet bre
build Fleet nap
build Army sev
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move sev
bel move ruh
bla support con move bul
boh move vie
bre move pic
bud move ser
bur support bel move ruh
con move bul/ec
edi hold
eng move lon
fin move swe
gre move aeg
hol support mun move kie
mar hold
mos move sev
mun move kie
nap move tys
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy hold
pic move bel
ruh move kie
rum support bul
ser support vie move tri
sev move ukr
tri support bud move ser
tyr move mun
ukr move war
ven support vie move tri
vie move tri
war move sil
yor support edi
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
nwy move ska
tri move alb
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
alb support bud move ser
arm move sev
bel move hol
bla support arm move sev
bre move pic
bud move ser
bul move con
bur move mun
con move bul/ec
edi move nrg
gre move bul/sc
hol move kie
kie move den
lon move nth
mos move stp
mun move ber
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
pic move bel
ruh support bel move hol
rum support ukr move sev
ser support vie move bud
sil move ber
ska move den
swe support ska move den
tri support ser
tys move gol
ukr move sev
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move pru
yor hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bud disband
hol move hel
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet nap
remove nwy
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
arm move smy
bel support hol
bla move ank
bud support ser move rum
bul/sc support aeg move con
bur move mar
con move ank
edi support nth
hel support kie move hol
hol support ruh move kie
kie move hol
gol support pie move mar
mar move spa/sc
mun move bur
nap move tys
nth hold
nrg move nat
par move gas
pic support bel
pie move mar
pru move ber
rom move tus
ruh move kie
ser move rum
sil support pru move ber
stp move nwy
swe support den
tri move vie
ven move tyr
yor hold
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
rum move sev
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move ruh
ber support sil move mun
bla move rum
bud support rum
bul/sc support con
bur support gas move mar
con hold
edi support nth
gas move mar
hel move hol
hol support kie
kie support hol
gol support mar
mar hold
mun hold
nat move lvp
nth hold
nwy hold
pic move bel
rum hold
sev support bla move rum
sil move mun
smy move con
spa/sc support gas move mar
swe support den
tus move pie
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ukr support bla move rum
vie move gal
yor move lvp
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
rum move ser
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
remove hel
remove mun
build Fleet nap
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
bel move eng
ber hold
bre move mid
bud support gal move rum
bul/sc support con
bur support mar
con hold
edi move yor
gal move rum
hol move ruh
kie support ruh move mun
gol move spa/sc
mar support spa/sc
nat move mid
nap move ion
nth move hel
nwy hold
pie move mar
ruh move mun
rum move bul/ec
ser support gal move rum
sev move bla
sil move boh
smy support ank move con
spa/sc support bre move mid
swe support den
tyr move vie
ukr support war move gal
ven move tyr
war move gal
wes support gol move spa
yor move lvp
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Italy: fleet/dislodged con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Turkey: fleet/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
con move aeg
rum move sev
spa/sc move por
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
ber hold
bla support sev move rum
boh move vie
bre move mid
bud support vie
bur move mar
con move bul
eng support bre move mid
gal support boh move vie
hel move nth
ion move eas
kie move hol
lvp hold
mar move spa
mun move tyr
nat move lvp
nwy hold
pie move mar
por support mar move spa
ruh move mun
rum hold
ser support rum
sev move rum
smy support con
spa/sc hold
swe support den
tyr support vie
ukr support sev move rum
vie support bud
wes move gol
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Italy: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
spa/sc move wes
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet mar
remove nat
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
ank support smy
bud support ser move rum
bul/sc move con
bur support mar
con support rum move bul
eas move smy
eng move iri
hol move kie
lon move nth
lvp move yor
gol support pie move mar
mid support por move spa
mar hold
mun move tyr
nth move bel
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
ruh move mun
rum move bul/ec
ser move rum
smy support con
spa move gas
tyr support vie
vie support bud
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Italy: fleet/dislodged bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bul/sc move gre
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
ank support smy
bel hold
ber support den move kie
bla move sev
boh move vie
bud support rum
bul/ec move con
bur move bel
con move bul
den move kie
eas move smy
gal support boh move vie
gas support mar
gre move bul/sc
iri move lvp
kie move hol
gol support wes move spa
mid move naf
mar support spa/sc
mun move tyr
nth support bel
nwy hold
pie move mar
ruh support bur move bel
rum support bud
smy hold
spa/sc support mar
swe move den
tyr support vie
ukr move rum
vie support bud
wes move spa/sc
yor move lvp
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
spa/sc move por
vie move tri
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove bur
remove gas
build Fleet lon
remove mun
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul
ank support smy
bel move hol
ber support den move kie
bud support rum
bul/ec support ukr move rum
con support bul/ec
den move kie
eas move ion
gal support vie move bud
gre move bul/sc
hol support ruh move bel
iri move wal
kie move bal
lon move eng
gol move tys
mar move spa/sc
naf move tun
nth support bel move hol
nwy hold
pie move mar
por support mar move spa
ruh move bel
rum support gre move bul
sev support ukr move rum
spa/sc support pie move mar
stp/sc move bot
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
ukr move rum
vie move bud
war move sil
yor move lvp
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Italy: army/dislodged bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army/dislodged hol
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Italy: army/dislodged rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Italy: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud disband
hol move ruh
rum disband
spa/sc disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg hold
ank move con
bal move den
bel support ruh move hol
ber move mun
bot move swe
bud move tri
bul/ec move bla
con move bul
eng move lon
gal move vie
gre move alb
hol support nth move bel
ion move tys
kie support hol
lvp move wal
nth move bel
nwy hold
por move spa/sc
ruh move hol
rum hold
sev move bla
sil support ber move mun
smy support ank move con
spa/sc move mar
tri move ven
tun hold
tys move tun
vie move tyr
wal move lon
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move con
bul/ec move bla
con move bul
den hold
eng move bre
hol hold
ion move tun
kie support hol
lvp move wal
mos move sev
mun support kie
nth move lon
nwy move fin
por move spa/sc
rum move bul
sev move bla
sil hold
spa/sc move gol
stp/nc move nwy
swe move ska
tri move ser
tys support ion move tun
ven move pie
vie move bud
wal move lon
war move gal
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: fleet/dislodged tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tun move wes
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bel move hol
bre hold
bud move ser
bul/ec move bla
con move bul
den support ska move nth
fin move nwy
gal move bud
gre move aeg
hol hold
kie support mun move ruh
lvp move wal
gol support spa/sc move mar
mar move gol
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nth move lon
nwy move nrg
pie move mar
ruh support bel move hol
ser move gre
sev move bla
sil move mun
ska move nth
spa/sc move mar
tun move wes
tys support mar move gol
wal move lon
wes support gol
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet/dislodged gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
France: army/dislodged ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
gol move tus
nth move edi
ruh move bur
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
remove bur
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Fleet stp/nc
remove tyr
build Army war
remove wes
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul
ank support smy
bel move hol
bre move mid
bud move vie
bul/ec move bla
con move bul
den move hel
edi hold
gre move bul
hol move nth
kie support nth move hol
lon support hol move nth
lvp support edi
gol support tun move wes
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nth move hol
nrg convoy nwy move cly
nwy move cly via convoy
pie move mar
ruh support nth move hol
rum support gre move bul
ser support gre move bul
sev move bla
spa/sc support tus move gol
stp/nc move nwy
tun move wes
tus move gol
tys move rom
ukr move gal
wal move iri
war move sil
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet/dislodged gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gol move tys
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support con
bel hold
bur move par
cly move edi
con support smy
edi hold
gal move bud
hel support nwy move nth
hol support ruh move bel
iri move lvp
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp support edi
gol move mar
mid move por
mar support wes move spa
nrg support cly move edi
nwy move nth
ruh move bel
rum support bul
ser support bul
sev move bla
sil move mun
smy support con
spa/sc move por
tys move gol
ukr move sev
vie hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Russia: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel disband
edi disband
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: fleet hol
Russia: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Russia: army par
Russia: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
