PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move bud
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
apu move tun via convoy
bot move swe
bud move gal
bul move gre
con move aeg
eng move bre
hol support ruh move bel
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move den
mid move por
nth move nwy
pic support eng move bel
ruh move bel
ser support alb move gre
sev support rum
ven hold
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
bel support mun move bur
ber move bal
bre move mid
bud support vie move gal
bul move gre
con move bul
den move swe
gre support ion move aeg
hol support bel
ion move aeg
kie hold
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mos move war
mun move bur
nap move ion
nwy support den move swe
par support pic
por move mid
rum move bla
ser support gre
sev move rum
smy move eas
spa move gas
stp/sc move bot
swe support nwy move ska
tri move vie
tun hold
ven hold
vie move gal
war move gal
yor move wal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move fin
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
bal support swe
bel move pic
bla support rum
bot move swe
bre support iri move mid
bud support gal move rum
bul move gre
bur support bel move pic
con move bul
eas support aeg
eng support bre
fin support bot move swe
gal move rum
gas move bre
gre move bul/sc
hol move bel
ion move aeg
iri move mid
kie move ruh
mos move ukr
nap support ion
nwy support swe
par support gas move bre
pic support gas move bre
por move mid
rum hold
ser support gal move rum
swe hold
vie move gal
wal move yor
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
rum move sev
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bla
build Army mar
build Army tri
remove ukr
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bal support swe
bel hold
ber move pru
bot move swe
bre move gas
bud support rum
bur support pic move par
eng support iri move mid
fin support bot move swe
gas move bre
gre support ser move bul
ion convoy tun move apu
iri move mid
nap support ion
nwy move stp/nc
par support gas move bre
pic move par
por move mid
ruh support bur
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move rum
swe hold
tri move vie
tun move apu via convoy
ven hold
vie move boh
war hold
yor move wal
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
apu move alb via convoy
bal move bot
bel hold
boh move sil
bre support bur move gas
bud support vie move gal
bul hold
bur move gas
con move bul
eas move ion
eng convoy wal move naf
gas move par
gre support bul
ion convoy apu move alb
mid convoy wal move naf
mar move bur
nap support ion
par support bur move gas
por move mid
pru move lvn
ruh move mun
rum support bul
swe move fin
ven move tri
vie move gal
wal move naf via convoy
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
France: army/dislodged gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gas move mar
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove fin
build Fleet lon
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support aeg move gre
bal move ber
bel hold
ber move sil
bre support eng move mid
bud move vie
bul support gre
bur move par
con move bul
eas move aeg
eng move mid
gal support sil move war
gas support par move bur
gre hold
ion move tun
lon move eng
lvn support war
mid move wes
mar move gas
mun support ber move sil
naf move tun
nap move tys
par move bur
por move spa/sc
rum move ser
sil move war
swe hold
tri support ven move tyr
ven move tyr
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
alb move ser
ber move bal
bot move lvn
bre support mid
bur move par
con move bul
eng support mid
gas support wes move spa
gre support con move bul
ion move tun
lvn move mos
mid support wes move spa
mar hold
mun hold
naf move tun
par support gas
sev move rum
sil support mun
spa/sc move por
swe hold
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
tys support ion move tun
war move mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet con
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
remove por
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support tri move ser
ank move arm
bal move bot
bre move mid
bul move rum
con move bla
gas move mar
gre support aeg move ion
lvn move war
mid move wes
mos move lvn
mun support par move bur
naf move tun
nap move ion
par move bur
rum move bud
sil support lvn move war
spa/sc support gas move mar
swe hold
tri move ser
tun hold
tys support nap move ion
vie hold
war support mos move lvn
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur disband
mar disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move gre
arm move sev
bal move lvn
bel hold
bla move bul/ec
bot move stp/sc
bur move mar
eng move mid
gre hold
lon move eng
lvn support bot move stp
mid move por
mar move pie
mun move tyr
naf support wes move tun
nap move ion
rum move bul
ser support alb move gre
sil move war
spa/sc move gol
swe hold
tys support tun
vie hold
war move mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bot
build Army con
build Army kie
build Army lon
remove lvn
build Army mun
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
bal hold
ber move sil
bla move sev
bud hold
con move bul
eng move mid
gre support con move bul
ion move tys
kie move ruh
gol support wes move tys
mid move wes
mos support war move ukr
mun move boh
naf move tun
pie move tus
por move spa/sc
rum move gal
ser support alb move tri
sev move ukr
smy move eas
stp/nc move nwy
swe hold
tun support tys move wes
tyr support mun move boh
tys move wes
ven hold
vie move boh
war move ukr
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
tys move rom
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
bal convoy swe move ber
bel hold
bla support bul move rum
boh support tyr
bul move rum
eas move ion
gal move ukr
gre move alb
ion support tun move tys
gol support tys
mid support spa/sc move wes
mar move pie
mos support ukr
naf support wes move tun
nwy move nth
rom move nap
ruh move bur
ser support vie move bud
sev support gal move ukr
sil move war
spa/sc move wes
swe move ber via convoy
tri support vie move bud
tun move tys
tus move ven
tyr support tus move ven
tys move ion
ukr support sil move war
ven move rom
vie move bud
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move gre
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army kie
build Army lvp
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support aeg move gre
bal move den
bel hold
ber move mun
boh move vie
bud move rum
bur move mar
gal move bud
gre move bul/sc
ion support aeg move gre
kie move hol
gol move tus
mos move sev
naf support tun
nap support rom
nth move eng
pie support bur move mar
rom support nap
rum support gal move bud
ser support gre move bul
sev support rum
tri move alb
tun support nap move ion
tyr move tri
tys support gol move tus
ukr support war move gal
ven support tyr move tri
war move gal
wes support tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
bel hold
bud move ser
bul/sc move con
den hold
eng convoy lon move rom
gal move rum
gre move bul/sc
hol support bel
ion move aeg
lon move rom via convoy
lvp move wal
mid convoy lon move rom
mar hold
mos move sev
mun move boh
naf move tun
nap move ion
pie move tyr
rom move apu
rum support gre move bul
ser move rum
sev support rum
tri support ven
tun move ion
tus support lon move rom
tys convoy lon move rom
ukr support mos move sev
ven support lon move rom
vie support tri
wes convoy lon move rom
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
England: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Army lon
build Army mun
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
England: army rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc move con
arm move ank
bel hold
ber hold
boh support gal
bud move ser
bul/sc move con
con move smy
den hold
eng move mid
gal support ukr
gre hold
hol hold
kie move ruh
lon move yor
mid move wes
mar hold
mun support boh
nap move ion
rom move nap
rum support bud move ser
ser move alb
sev support ukr
tri hold
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr support ven
tys support rom move nap
ukr support sev
ven support tri
vie support tri
wes move tun
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
England: army nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
England: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb move gre
ank hold
con support aeg move smy
eng move mid
gal hold
mid move wes
rom support nap
rum support ser
ser support rum
smy hold
tri hold
tun support tys move ion
tys move ion
ven hold
vie hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
England: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Italy: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
England: army nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
England: army nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
ber move sil
boh move gal
con move bla
gal move ukr
gre support smy move aeg
ion convoy nap move alb
mar hold
mun move boh
rom move nap
rum support ser
ser support rum
sev move arm
smy move aeg
tun support ion
tyr support tri
tys support ion
ukr move sev
ven hold
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
England: army nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move arm
bla move sev
boh move gal
gal move rum
gre support aeg move ion
ion convoy nap move alb
mid move spa/sc
mar move pie
mun move tyr
nap move alb via convoy
rom move nap
ruh move bur
rum support bla move sev
ser support rum
sil move war
tri move alb
tun support ion
tyr move tri
tys support ion
ukr support sev
ven hold
vie support boh move gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
England: army nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army con
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
England: army nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
