PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
bla support sev move rum
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul move gre
bur support edi move bel
con move bul
gal move vie
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move por
nth convoy edi move bel
nrg move nwy
ruh move mun
sev move rum
tyr support ven move tri
ukr move gal
ven move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move bud
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove apu
build Army ber
build Army bre
build Fleet con
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet stp/sc
build Fleet ven
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bul
bel move eng
ber move kie
bla convoy ank move bul
bre move pic
bud move tri
bul move ser
bur support edi move bel
con move aeg
edi move bel
gal move bud
gre support bul move ser
kie move ruh
mos move stp
mun support kie move ruh
nap move ion
nth convoy edi move bel
nwy move ska
par support bur
por move mid
spa move mar
stp/sc move bot
swe move bal
tri support tyr
tun move tys
tyr support tri
ven move adr
vie support gal move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ser disband
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move gre
bal move ber
bel support bur move ruh
bla move sev
bot move bal
bud support vie move tri
bul move rum
bur move ruh
den hold
eng move iri
gre move bul
ion hold
kie move ber
lon hold
mid support par move bre
mar hold
mun hold
nth support ska move den
par move bre
pic support bel
ruh move hol
ser support bul move rum
sil support bal move ber
ska move den
stp move lvn
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
tys support ion
vie move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army/dislodged den
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move swe
rum move bla
vie move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bal
build Fleet con
build Fleet edi
remove hol
remove lvn
build Fleet lvp
build Army ven
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
ank move arm
bel support ruh move hol
ber move bal
bla support gal move rum
bre move par
bud support gal move rum
bul move rum
con move ank
edi move nrg
gal move rum
gre move aeg
ion hold
iri move wal
kie support mun move ber
lon move nth
lvp move wal
mid hold
mar support pic move bur
mun move ber
nth move nwy
pic move bur
ruh move hol
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev support bul move rum
sil move ber
swe move nwy
tri support vie
tys support ion
ven move tyr
vie support ven move tyr
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move con
ank support sev move bla
arm move sev
bal move ber
ber hold
bla move rum
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur move mun
den move kie
hol support den move kie
ion support tys
iri move lvp
kie support swe move den
mid hold
mar move bur
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
par hold
ser move bul
sev move bla
sil support bal move ber
swe move den
tri move vie
tyr support bur move mun
tys support ion
vie move boh
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet/dislodged bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
Germany: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
bla disband
kie move ruh
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
remove ruh
build Army smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
boh move gal
bud move gal
bul move rum
bur move ruh
con move aeg
den hold
gal hold
hol support kie
ion move aeg
kie support nth move den
lon move nth
lvp move nat
mar move gol
nth move den
nwy move swe
par move bur
pru move lvn
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
smy move con
tri move alb
tyr move tri
tys move ion
vie support boh move gal
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move war
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
bel move nwy
bud move ser
bur move mun
con move smy
gal move rum
hol support kie
ion move aeg
kie support mun move ber
lvn move mos
gol move tys
mos move stp
mun move ber
nat move nrg
nth convoy bel move nwy
ruh support bur move mun
rum move bul
sev support ukr move rum
sil move war
smy move ank
tri support vie move bud
tys move ion
ukr move rum
vie move bud
war move mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: fleet/dislodged ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove ank
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
remove pru
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber support ruh move kie
bla move con
bre move pic
bud support tri move ser
bul move gre
con move smy
gal move rum
gre support aeg
hol move bel
ion move tun
lon move nwy
mid move eng
mar move spa/sc
mun support ruh move kie
nap move rom
nth convoy lon move nwy
nrg support lon move nwy
nwy move fin
ruh move kie
rum support ser
ser support bul move gre
sev support rum
sil move war
smy move eas
stp move mos
swe move bot
tri move ser
tys move wes
ven move rom
war move ukr
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move hol
ser move alb
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move gre
bel support kie move hol
ber support mun move kie
bot move swe
bud move rum
bul support alb move gre
con move aeg
den move kie
eas support con move aeg
edi move yor
eng move lon
fin move stp
gal support bud move rum
gre support aeg
hol support den move kie
kie move hol
mos move stp
mun move kie
nap move ion
nth move lon
nrg move nth
nwy support fin move stp
pic support bel
rum support sev
ser support gre
sev support rum
smy support con move aeg
spa/sc move mid
tun support nap move ion
ukr move mos
ven move tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
England: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
England: fleet/dislodged hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
hol move hel
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet nap
remove nwy
build Army par
build Fleet ven
remove war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
bel support hol
ber support kie
bud move rum
bul move gre
den move kie
eas move ion
eng convoy pic move wal
gal support bud move rum
gre move bul/sc
hel support den move kie
hol hold
ion move aeg
kie hold
mid move iri
mos support ukr move sev
nap move ion
nth move hol
nrg move cly
par move bur
pic move wal
rum support sev
ser support gre move bul/sc
sev support rum
smy move con
spa/sc move mid
swe move bal
tri move alb
tun support nap move ion
ukr move sev
ven move adr
yor move wal
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
rum move ukr
sev move arm
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support nap move ion
aeg move bul/sc
alb support ion move gre
arm support ukr move sev
bal move kie
bel support hol
ber support kie
bre move mid
bul/sc support ion move gre
bur move mun
cly move lvp
con support aeg move bul/sc
den support bal move kie
eas move aeg
eng convoy pic move lon
gal support rum
hel support bal move kie
hol support kie
ion move gre
iri move lvp
kie hold
mid move nat
mos move stp
nap move ion
nth move hol
pic move lon
rum support sev
ser support bul/sc
tun support nap move ion
ukr move sev
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army/dislodged kie
England: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
kie move ruh
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove arm
build Fleet lon
remove pic
build Army rom
remove ukr
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg support eas
alb move ser
bel support hol
ber support ruh move kie
bul/sc move aeg
cly move lvp
con support aeg
den support kie
eas support aeg
eng hold
gal support rum
gre support bul/sc move aeg
hel support kie move hol
ion support bul/sc move aeg
iri move lvp
kie move hol
lon move eng
mid support eng
mun support ruh move kie
nat support iri move lvp
nth support kie move hol
rom move ven
ruh move kie
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
tun move tys
ven move tri
war move lvn
yor support cly move lvp
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army/dislodged hol
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
hol move ruh
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg support eas
alb move ser
arm move ank
bel support ruh move hol
ber support kie
bul/sc move aeg
cly move lvp
con support aeg
den move kie
eas support aeg
eng hold
gal move war
gre support bul/sc move aeg
hel support hol
ion support bul/sc move aeg
iri support eng
kie support ruh move hol
lon move eng
lvn move stp
mid move nat
mos support lvn move stp
mun support kie
nat move cly
nth support hol
ruh move hol
rum move sev
ser move bul
tri move bud
tys hold
ven move tri
yor support cly move lvp
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
stp move nwy
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove eas
remove hel
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move smy
alb move ser
ank move arm
bel move pic
ber move kie
bul/sc move con
bud move gal
cly support nat move lvp
con support aeg move smy
eng move wal
gre move aeg
ion move eas
iri support nat move lvp
kie move hol
lon support nth move eng
mun support ber move kie
nat move lvp
nth move eng
nwy move stp
rom move ven
ruh move bel
ser move rum
sev move mos
stp move fin
tri move vie
tys hold
ven move tri
war support sev move mos
yor support lvp
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
mos move ukr
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
arm move sev
bel support kie move hol
ber move kie
bul/sc move con
cly move nrg
con move ank
den support hol move kie
eas support aeg move smy
eng move mid
fin move swe
gal move rum
hol move kie
ion move tun
iri move mid
kie move hol
lvp support wal
mun support ber move kie
pic move bre
rum move sev
ser support gal move rum
smy move con
tri move vie
tys hold
ukr support arm move sev
ven hold
vie move gal
wal move eng
war support mos
yor move edi
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
smy move syr
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Army par
remove swe
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: fleet syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bel move hol
ber support kie
bre support par move pic
bul/sc move con
den support hol move kie
eas move syr
eng move mid
gal move ukr
hol move kie
iri move mid
kie support bel move hol
lvp hold
mos support rum move sev
mun support kie
nap move ion
nrg move nth
par move pic
rum move sev
ser move gre
sev support ukr move mos
smy support eas move syr
stp move nwy
syr move smy
tri move vie
tun hold
tys hold
ukr move mos
ven move apu
vie move gal
wal move lon
war support gal move ukr
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
England: fleet/dislodged hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
hol move hel
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet syr
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bul/sc move con
eng move nth
gal move war
gre move bul
hel support den
hol support pic move bel
iri move mid
kie move den
lon support eng move nth
mos move stp
mun support ber move kie
nth move lon
nwy move stp
pic move bel
rum support ukr move sev
smy support bul/sc move con
syr move eas
tun hold
tys hold
ukr move sev
vie hold
wal support nth move lon
war move mos
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
lon move yor
sev disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove hel
build Fleet mar
remove nth
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
ank move con
bel move ruh
ber move kie
bre move gas
bul move con
con move bla
den support yor move nth
eas move ion
gal move sil
ion move tun
kie move den
lon move yor
lvp hold
mid move eng
mar move gol
mos move lvn
nwy move stp
par move bur
rom move tus
rum move sev
sev move mos
smy support bul move con
tun move wes
tys support tun move wes
ven move tyr
vie move boh
wal move lon
war move pru
yor move nth
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
ank move con
apu move ven
ber support mun
bla move ank
boh support sil
bur move mar
con support bla move ank
den move swe
eng support lon move nth
gas move spa
hol support kie
ion move tun
kie move den
lon move nth
lvn support mos move stp
mos move stp
mun support ber
nth move den
pru support sil
ruh move bel
sev move arm
sil support pru
smy move aeg
tun move naf
tus support tys
tyr support boh
tys support wes
wes support tun move naf
yor support lon move nth
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Italy: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
nth move nrg
stp move nwy
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
