PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mos move lvn
par move bur
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bot move swe
bud move vie
bur move bel
eng convoy wal move nwy
hol move bel
kie move den
lvn move war
mid move bre
mun move ruh
nap move ion
nth move den
rom move nap
rum hold
tri move alb
ukr move gal
ven hold
vie move gal
wal move nwy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre support par move pic
bur move bel
eng convoy wal move bel
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
mos move lvn
nap move rom
nth support wal move bel
par move pic
ruh support hol
spa move por
stp/sc move bot
swe move den
ukr move gal
ven hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb hold
bre move mid
bud move ser
bur move bel
eng move nth
hol move bel
kie move den
nth move den
pic support bur move bel
ruh support hol move bel
vie support bud
wal move yor
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bre support mid move eng
bud move gal
bur move bel
eng move bel
hol move bel
kie move den
mid move eng
nth convoy yor move nwy
pic support bur move bel
por move spa
ruh support hol move bel
ser support alb move gre
vie support bud move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
eng move iri
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bre support eng
bur support pic move bel
den move nwy
eng support pic move bel
gal hold
gre hold
hol move bel
iri move mid
mun move bur
nth convoy yor move nwy
pic move bel
ruh support mun move bur
ser support gre
spa move mar
vie hold
yor move nwy
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move pic
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army lon
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army sev
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move lon
bot support lvn move stp
bre move gas
bud move rum
bur move pic
den move kie
eng support bel move lon
gal support bud move rum
gre support ser move bul
hol move bel
lon hold
lvn move stp
mid move por
mar support par move bur
mun move tyr
nap move ion
nth move eng
nwy move stp
par move bur
pic move bel
rom move ven
ruh support hol move bel
rum hold
ser move bul
sev move ukr
swe move bal
tun move tys
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war support sev move ukr
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move sev
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move den
bel move pic
bot move bal
bul support rum
bur move ruh
eng move bel
gal support rum
gas move mid
gre move aeg
ion move eas
kie move ber
lon hold
mar move spa
mun move bur
nth move eng
nwy move swe
pic support eng move bel
por hold
rom move ven
ruh support mun move bur
rum support gal
sev move rum
stp move fin
tri support ven move tyr
tys move wes
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tyr
war support ukr
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
Germany: fleet/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move nth
bur move mar
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove den
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lvp
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
bal support fin move swe
bel move hol
ber move mun
bud support rum
bul support aeg move con
bur move par
eas move smy
edi move nrg
eng support por move mid
fin move swe
gal move sil
lon hold
lvp move iri
mid move por
mar move gas
nth move den
pic move bre
por move mid
ruh move hol
rum move ukr
sev move rum
spa support mid move por
swe move den
tyr move mun
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war support ukr
wes hold
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: army/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move ser
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move kie
bel move hol
bre move par
bud support ser move rum
bul support ser move rum
con support bul
eng convoy lon move bre
gal support sil move war
gas support bre move par
iri move mid
lon move bre
mid move bre
nth move den
nrg move nwy
por support iri move mid
ruh move mun
rum hold
ser move rum
sil move war
spa move por
swe move nwy
tri move vie
tyr move boh
ukr move gal
ven move tyr
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
par move pic
rum move sev
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army mos
remove pic
build Fleet rom
build Army tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support mun move kie
boh move mun
bre move eng
bud support vie move gal
bul support rum
con hold
den move swe
eng support iri move mid
gal move sil
gas move bur
hol move nth
iri move mid
kie move den
mid support bre move eng
mos support war
mun move kie
nrg move nth
par move pic
por support iri move mid
rom move tys
rum hold
sev hold
sil move pru
smy move aeg
spa move por
swe support kie move den
tri move vie
tyr support boh move mun
ukr support sev
vie move gal
war support ukr
wes move naf
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ber move mun
bre support mid move eng
bud support rum
bul move con
bur move ruh
con move ank
den support hol move kie
eng convoy lon move pic
gal move ukr
hol move kie
iri support por move mid
kie support ber move mun
lon move pic
mid move eng
mos support war
mun support sil move ber
naf hold
nrg move nth
pic move bel
por move mid
pru support sil move ber
rum support gal move ukr
sil move ber
spa move por
swe move nwy
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ukr support war
vie move boh
war support ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
eng move pic
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove mid
build Army mar
build Army par
remove pic
build Fleet rom
build Army stp
build Fleet tri
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move bla
bel move wal
ber move pru
boh move sil
bre support eng
bud support rum
con move smy
den move bal
eng convoy bel move wal
gre move ion
iri move lvp
kie move hol
lon hold
mar move spa
mos support war
mun hold
naf move mid
nth move edi
nwy move den
par move bur
pru move lvn
rom move tys
ruh move hol
rum support gal
sev move rum
stp move lvn
tri move adr
tyr move mun
ukr support sev move rum
ven hold
war hold
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bal move ber
ber support mun move kie
bla support rum move sev
bre move pic
bud move rum
bur move mun
edi hold
eng support wal move lon
gal support pru move war
ion move tun
kie support bal move ber
lon hold
lvp move wal
mid move spa/sc
mos support war
mun move kie
nwy move swe
por move spa
pru move war
ruh support bur move mun
rum move sev
sil support pru move war
smy move arm
spa move mar
stp move lvn
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ukr support war
ven move pie
wal move lon
war hold
wes support mid move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
England: army/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
lon move yor
mun move boh
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army par
build Army vie
remove yor
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal support kie move ber
ber support boh move mun
bla support arm move sev
boh move mun
edi move nth
eng move nth
gal support pru move war
ion move tys
kie move ber
lon move yor
lvn support war
gol support pie move mar
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun support kie move ber
par move gas
pic move eng
pie move mar
por support mar move spa
pru move war
ruh support mun
rum support sev move ukr
sev move ukr
sil support pru move war
spa/sc support wes move mid
swe move fin
tun move naf
tyr support boh move mun
ukr move mos
vie support gal
wal move iri
war support lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army/dislodged ber
France: fleet ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
ber move pru
spa/sc move wes
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
bal move pru
ber support bal move pru
boh move mun
edi move yor
eng move mid
gal support war
gas move mar
iri move lvp
lvn support bal move pru
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
mar support gol move spa/sc
mos hold
mun support ber
naf move mid
pic move bel
por support spa
pru move lvn
ruh support mun
rum move sev
sev move mos
sil support boh move mun
spa support gas move mar
stp support mos
tyr support boh move mun
tys move gol
ukr support sev move mos
vie move bud
war support sev move mos
wes support gol move spa/sc
yor move edi
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
mun move bur
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Army tri
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
bel move nth
ber support pru
bla move con
bud move gal
bur move mar
edi move yor
eng move mid
fin support stp
gal move war
gas support por move spa
lvn support pru
lvp hold
gol support mar
mid move por
mos support war move lvn
mun support tyr
naf support wes move mid
nap move ion
por move spa
pru support lvn
rom move tys
ruh move kie
sev support mos
sil move pru
spa/sc support mid move por
stp support lvn
tri move ser
tyr support mun
ukr support mos
vie move boh
war move lvn
wes move mid
yor move lon
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
spa/sc move wes
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
ber support kie
boh support tyr move mun
bud move tri
bur support spa move mar
con move aeg
eng move mid
fin support stp
gal move war
gas support spa move mar
ion move tys
kie support ber
lon move bel
lvn support stp move mos
lvp hold
gol support mar
mid move por
mar support por move spa/sc
mos support war move lvn
mun move bur
naf move mid
nth move nrg
por move spa/sc
ser move gre
sev support mos
sil move ber
spa move mar
stp move mos
tyr move mun
tys move tun
ukr support mos
war move lvn
wes support por move spa/sc
yor move edi
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ber support pru
boh support mun
bud move tri
bur move mun
edi move nth
eng convoy lon move bel
fin support stp
gal support war
gas move bur
gre move alb
kie support bur move mun
lon move bel
lvn support stp move mos
lvp move cly
gol support mar
mar support por move spa/nc
mos move lvn
mun hold
naf support wes move mid
nrg move nat
por move spa/nc
pru support lvn
sev move mos
sil move pru
spa/sc move por
stp move mos
tri move ven
tun hold
tyr move pie
tys move wes
ukr support sev move mos
war support mos move lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move apu
bel move hol
ber support pru
boh support mun
bur move mar
cly move lvp
eng move lon
fin support stp
gal move sil
gas move bre
ion move tys
kie support ber
lvn support sil move pru
gol support mar
mid move gas
mar support mid move gas
mos support lvn
mun move bur
naf support wes move mid
nat move mid
nth move nwy
pie move mar
por support wes move mid
pru move lvn
sil move pru
spa/sc support mid
stp support pru move lvn
tri move tyr
tun move wes
ukr support mos
ven move pie
war support sil move pru
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Russia: fleet/dislodged pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
pru move bal
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: fleet ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move tri
bal move den
ber move pru
boh support mun
bre move gas
bur support bre move gas
edi move nth
gas move bre
hol support kie
kie support ber
lon move eng
lvn support pru
lvp move cly
gol support mar
mid support gas move bre
mar move bur
mos support lvn
mun support mar move bur
naf hold
nat move mid
nwy move swe
pie move mar
pru move ber
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc move por
stp support fin
tri move ven
tyr support mun
tys hold
ukr support mos
ven move tus
war support lvn
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
France: fleet/dislodged ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move bal
bur move par
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support kie move den
ber hold
boh move gal
bur move par
cly move nrg
den move swe
eng move wal
fin support den move swe
gas move bre
hol move bel
kie move den
lvn move stp
gol convoy tus move bre
mid support par move bre
mar move por
mos support lvn move stp
naf move wes
nat move lvp
nth move lon
par move pic
por move spa/sc
sil support ber
stp hold
swe hold
tri move tyr
tus move bre
tyr move boh
tys convoy tus move bre
ukr support mos
ven move pie
war support lvn
wes move tun
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
France: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp move nwy
swe move nwy
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bre
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
remove fin
build Army rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support den move swe
bel move hol
ber move kie
boh move sil
bud move vie
den move swe
edi hold
gal move ukr
gas move bre
lon move nth
lvp move cly
gol move tys
mid move eng
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nrg move nwy
par support gas move bre
pic move bel
pie hold
rom move ven
sil move ber
spa/sc move por
stp move fin
tun move naf
tus hold
tyr move mun
tys move ion
ukr move mos
vie move boh
wal move lon
war move lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
France: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
France: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
swe move bot
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
France: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
France: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bal move den
ber support mun move kie
boh support sil
bur move bel
cly move edi
edi hold
fin move nwy
ion move tys
kie move den
lvn support stp
mid move iri
mos support stp
mun move kie
naf move wes
nth move den
nwy hold
par move pic
pie support tus
por move mid
ruh support kie move hol
sil support ber
stp support fin move nwy
swe support bal move den
tus support pie
tys move wes
ukr move war
vie support boh
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
France: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
France: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move ska
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
France: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove bot
build Army bud
remove nth
build Army rom
remove ska
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
France: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
boh move sil
bre move eng
bud move gal
bur support pic move bel
cly move edi
den support lon move nth
edi hold
eng move nth
ion move tys
iri move lvp
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvn support stp
mid support bre move eng
mos move stp
mun support ber move kie
naf move wes
nwy move swe
pic move bel
pie hold
ruh support kie move hol
sil move ber
stp move fin
swe support den
tri move adr
tus hold
tys move wes
vie move boh
war move mos
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
France: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
bel move lon
ber move kie
boh move sil
bur move pic
cly support nth move edi
den support swe
edi hold
eng convoy bel move lon
fin move swe
gal move war
hol support kie
ion move tys
kie move den
mid move nat
mos move stp
naf move mid
nth move edi
nwy support fin move swe
ruh move bel
sil move ber
stp move fin
swe support den
tys move wes
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: army lon
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
edi move yor
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: army lon
Italy: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
