PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move edi
mar hold
mos move ukr
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
arm support bla move sev
bla move sev
bot move swe
bud move vie
bul move rum
den move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
eng move bel
gal support rum
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
mar hold
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic move bre
pie move tus
rum move bla
ser support bul move rum
ukr move sev
ven hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
remove bot
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Army lon
build Fleet nap
build Army par
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel support edi move nth
ber move pru
bla move rum
bud move gal
con support sev move bla
den move swe
edi move nth
gal support rum
ion move gre
kie move hel
lon hold
mar move spa
nap support tun move ion
nrg move bar
nwy move swe
par move pic
por move mid
rum support arm move sev
ser move bul
sev move bla
tun move ion
tus move ven
ukr support rum
ven move tyr
vie support bud move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet/dislodged bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bla move arm
gal move war
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm move sev
bar move stp/nc
bel support nth move eng
bla move sev
con move aeg
den move swe
gal support rum move ukr
hol move bel
ion move adr
lon move wal
mun move boh
nap move ion
nth move eng
nwy move swe
pru move lvn
rum move ukr
sev move mos
tyr move tri
ukr move mos
ven support tyr move tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
ank move arm
arm move sev
bel support lon move nth
bla support ank move arm
bud move tri
bul move ser
den move swe
eng support lon move nth
gal support vie move bud
gre hold
hel move hol
hol move ruh
ion hold
lon move nth
nap support ion
nwy move swe
sev support ukr move mos
stp/nc hold
tri support ven move tyr
ukr move mos
ven move tyr
vie support bud move tri
wal hold
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move ion
bel move hol
bla move con
boh move vie
bre hold
bud move tri
den move swe
eng move bel
gal move war
gre support aeg move ion
hol support ruh move bel
ion move alb
lvn move war
mid move wes
mos move war
nap move ion
nth support bel move hol
nwy move swe
pic support hol move bel
ruh move bel
ser support bud move tri
sev move ukr
sil move ber
spa hold
stp/nc hold
tri hold
tyr support boh move vie
vie support bud move tri
wal move lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
hol move kie
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove lvn
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet smy
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support alb move ion
alb move ion
arm move smy
ber hold
bud support gal move vie
con move aeg
eng convoy lon move bel
gal move vie
gre move alb
hol support lon move bel
ion support gre move alb
kie support den
lon move bel via convoy
lvp move iri
nap move tys
nth support lon move bel
nwy move swe
pic support ruh move bel
ruh move mun
ser support gre move alb
smy move eas
stp/nc hold
tri hold
tyr support tri
war move lvn
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Germany: army/dislodged vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move nap
vie move boh
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move gre
alb support ser move tri
bel hold
ber move kie
boh move vie
bud support ser move tri
den move swe
eas move aeg
eng hold
hol move kie
ion move nap
iri move mid
kie support mun move ber
lvn move stp
mos support lvn move stp
mun move ber
nth move den
pic move bur
ser move tri
stp/nc hold
swe support nth move den
tri hold
tyr support boh move vie
tys support ion move nap
ukr move gal
vie hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Turkey: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
England: army swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move bal
nap move rom
stp/nc move bar
tri move ven
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army ank
remove bal
build Fleet con
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
remove tyr
remove tys
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
alb support tri
ank move arm
bar support swe move nwy
bel hold
ber support kie
bud move vie
con move aeg
den move kie
eng convoy lon move bre
gal support bud move vie
gre move ion
hol support den move kie
lon move bre via convoy
mid support lon move bre
mar move spa/sc
mos support stp
mun move ruh
nap support ven move rom
spa move por
swe move nwy
tri hold
tun move tys
ven move rom
vie move tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: army bre
France: army/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Turkey: fleet/dislodged rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Germany: army/dislodged vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rom move tus
vie move boh
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb move adr
arm move sev
bar support nwy move stp
bel support hol
ber move kie
boh move mun
bre move par
bur move par
den move kie
eas move ion
eng move bre
gal move sil
hol support den move kie
ion move nap
kie support ruh move hol
mid move wes
mos support stp
nap hold
nwy move stp
por hold
rom move ven
ruh move hol
spa/sc hold
stp support war move mos
tus move rom
tys support ion move nap
war move mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: fleet/dislodged nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
nap disband
stp move fin
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove ber
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
remove ruh
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move gre
bar support stp
bel support hol
bre move par
bud move gal
bur move par
con move aeg
den support hol move kie
edi move nth
eng convoy lon move pic
fin move swe
hol move kie
ion support tys move tun
lon move pic via convoy
mar move gol
mun support kie
nap move tys
por move spa
rom support nap move tys
sev move ukr
sil move ber
smy move arm
spa/sc move mid
stp hold
tri move ven
tys move tun
ven move tyr
vie move tyr
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ven disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Russia: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Turkey: fleet rom
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ven
arm move sev
bar move stp/nc
bel move ruh
ber support kie
bre support pic move par
bur move pic
den support hol move kie
eng move bel
gal move war
gre move ion
hol move kie
ion move nap
gol support tys move wes
mid support tys move wes
mun support kie
nth move nwy
pic move par
rom move tys
spa move gas
stp move fin
tun support tys move wes
tys move wes
ukr support gal move war
ven move tyr
vie move boh
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
war move lvn
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
remove gol
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
remove tun
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel support lon move eng
ber support kie
boh support tyr move mun
bre support par
bud move tri
den support hol move kie
fin support stp/nc
gas support mid move bre
hol move kie
ion move tun
lon move eng
lvn move pru
mid move bre
mos move lvn
mun move ruh
nap move tys
nwy move swe
par support bre
pic move par
ruh support hol move kie
sev move mos
smy move aeg
spa/sc move mid
stp/nc hold
tri move ven
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ukr support sev move mos
ven move adr
vie move tyr
war support mos move lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move bur
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel support eng
ber support kie
boh support tyr move mun
bre hold
bur support pic move par
den move kie
eng support par move bre
fin support stp/nc
gas support bre
hol support den move kie
ion move tys
lvn support mos move stp
gol move spa/sc
mos move stp
mun move ruh
par move bre
pic move par
pru move war
ruh support den move kie
spa/sc move por
stp/nc hold
swe hold
tri move ven
tun move naf
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ukr move mos
ven move pie
war hold
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bur
build Army lon
build Army mar
remove pru
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bel support lon move pic
ber support kie
boh move sil
bre support spa/sc move mid
den move kie
eng convoy lon move pic
fin move stp
gas move spa
hol support den move kie
lon move pic via convoy
lvn support mos move stp
mar support par move bur
mos move stp
mun support kie
naf support spa/sc move mid
par move bur
pie hold
por move mid
ruh support den move kie
smy move aeg
spa/sc move mid
stp/nc move bar
swe move bal
tyr move mun
ukr move mos
ven support pie
vie move boh
war hold
wes support spa/sc move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move ion
bal support den move kie
bar move nrg
bel hold
ber support kie
boh move mun
bre hold
bur support mun move ruh
den move kie
eng support pic move bre
fin move nwy
hol support den move kie
ion move tys
lvn support mos move stp
mid move eng
mar hold
mos move stp
mun move ruh
naf support wes move mid
pic move bre
pie hold
por hold
ruh support den move kie
sil support boh move mun
spa move por
stp move nwy
tyr support boh move mun
tys move wes
ven support pie
war hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move hel
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove hel
build Army lon
build Army par
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move adr
bal move ber
bel support pic
ber support mun move kie
bre support par move pic
bur support par move pic
eng hold
fin move nwy
hol support kie
ion move tys
kie support bal move ber
lon hold
lvn support mos move stp
mid move iri
mar support bur
mos move stp
mun move kie
naf support wes move mid
par move pic
pic hold
pie hold
por hold
ruh support mun move kie
sil move mun
spa support mar
stp move fin
tyr move boh
tys move wes
ven move tyr
war move sil
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bal move swe
bel move eng
ber support mun move kie
boh move mun
bre move eng
bur support pic move bel
eng move iri
fin move swe
hol move bel
iri move lvp
kie hold
lon move wal
lvn move stp
mid support spa move por
mar move gas
mun move kie
nrg move nat
nwy support bal move swe
pic move bel
pie hold
por hold
ruh support pic move bel
sil move war
spa move por
stp move nwy
tyr support pie
war move sil
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
England: fleet/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Turkey: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
England: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move nth
kie move den
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove bal
remove hol
build Army mar
build Army par
build Army vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
Turkey: fleet lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel hold
bre support mid move eng
bur hold
den hold
fin support stp move nwy
gas move par
iri support nth move eng
kie move hol
lvn move stp
lvp move cly
gol move wes
mid move eng
mar hold
mun move kie
naf support wes move mid
nat move mid
nth move eng
nwy move swe
par move pic
pie move mar
por move spa
ruh support kie move hol
sil move mun
stp move nwy
tyr move pie
tys move gol
vie move boh
wal move lvp
war move sil
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
Turkey: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
arm move sev
bel hold
bre support mid move eng
bur hold
cly move lvp
den hold
fin move swe
hol support ruh move bel
iri move eng
kie move den
lvp hold
gol move wes
mid move eng
mar hold
naf support wes move mid
nat hold
nth support swe move nwy
nwy support fin move swe
par support bur
pic support bel
pie hold
ruh move bel
spa support mar
stp support nwy
swe move nwy
tyr support pie
tys move gol
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove den
build Army vie
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: army swe
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move ion
boh move mun
eng move nth
hol move bel
ion move gre
iri move lvp
kie move hol
lvp move edi
mid move eng
mun move bur
naf move mid
nat support iri
nth move lon
pie move mar
ruh support mun move bur
sil support boh move mun
stp move mos
swe move den
tyr move pie
vie move tyr
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur support ruh move bel
edi hold
eng move lon
gre move ion
hol support ruh move bel
ion move tun
kie move hol
lon hold
lvp move iri
gol move spa/sc
mid move eng
mun move bur
nat move cly
nth support eng move lon
pie move mar
ruh move bel
sil move mun
tyr move pie
vie move boh
wes support gol move spa
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
France: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
lon disband
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
Turkey: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
remove edi
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
Turkey: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel support mun move bur
boh move tyr
bur move mar
cly move edi
con move smy
eng move mid
hol move bel
iri move lvp
kie move ruh
lon move eng
mun move bur
nat move mid
pie support bur move mar
sil move mun
smy move aeg
spa/sc move por
tri move ven
tun move tys
tyr move boh
vie support boh move tyr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Turkey: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
Turkey: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Turkey: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Austria: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
Turkey: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: fleet nth
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bel support mun move bur
boh support tyr move mun
bur move gas
eng move mid
hol move bel
ion move nap
lvp move iri
mar support bur move gas
mun move bur
nat move mid
nth move eng
por support eng move mid
ruh support mun move bur
sev move rum
smy move con
tyr move mun
tys move gol
vie move tyr
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Turkey: army ber
Turkey: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Turkey: army den
Turkey: supply den
Turkey: fleet edi
Turkey: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: supply kie
Turkey: fleet lon
Turkey: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Turkey: army nwy
Turkey: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
Turkey: fleet por
Turkey: supply por
Turkey: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Turkey: supply spa
Turkey: fleet spa/sc
Turkey: supply stp
Turkey: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
