PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
kie move den
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move tus
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move smy
den move nth
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move por
mar move spa
pic move bel
ruh move hol
ser support alb move gre
sev move rum
stp move nwy
tri hold
tus support ven
ukr support sev move rum
ven support tus
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
bel hold
ber move sil
bre move eng
bud move tri
bul move gre
con move aeg
den hold
gre support ser move bul
hol move yor
kie move ber
mar move spa/sc
nap move tys
nth convoy hol move yor
nwy move swe
par move bur
por move mid
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move bla
smy hold
spa move gas
stp/nc move nwy
swe move bal
tri move tyr
tun hold
tus support ven
ukr support rum
ven support tus
vie move boh
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
bal move ber
bel move ruh
ber move mun
bla move arm
boh support war move sil
bul support bla move con
bur support ber move mun
con support aeg move bul
eng support yor move lon
gas move mar
gre support bul
kie move ber
mid move iri
nth support den
nwy move nth
rum move bla
smy move ank
spa/sc move wes
swe move den
tri hold
tun move ion
tus move pie
tyr support ber move mun
tys hold
ukr move war
ven move tri
war move sil
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion move gre
ank support con
arm move ank
bal move den
ber support mun
bla support arm move ank
boh support tyr move mun
bul move con
bur support mun
con move bul
den move kie
eng move nth
gre move aeg
ion move gre
iri move nat
kie move hel
lon move yor
mar hold
mun support pie move tyr
nth move ska
nwy move nth
pie move tyr
ruh support mun
sil support war move pru
swe support bal move den
tri move ser
tyr move mun
tys hold
ven support pie move tyr
vie move tri
war move pru
wes move mid
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army/dislodged ank
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
ank move smy
gre move alb
tyr move vie
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
alb move gre
ank support bla move con
ber support mun
bla move con
boh move mun
bul support bla move con
con support aeg move bul
den move kie
eng move nth
gre support aeg move bul
hel support ska move den
kie support ber
mid move nat
mun support ber
nat move lvp
nwy move ska
pru support sil move ber
ser support alb move gre
sil move ber
ska move den
smy move ank
swe move den
tri hold
tyr move tri
tys move ion
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
den move bal
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
remove aeg
remove con
build Fleet nap
build Army sev
remove smy
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
bal support ska move den
ber move kie
bla support ank move con
boh support vie move tyr
bul support ank move con
bur support mun
con move ank
den support nth move ska
gre move ion
hel support den
ion move adr
kie support den
mid move nat
mar move pie
mun support kie
nat move nrg
nap move ion
nth move ska
pru move sil
ruh support kie
ser support tri
sev move arm
ska move den
smy support con move ank
stp/nc move nwy
swe support ska move den
tri support vie move tyr
tyr support ven
ven support tyr
vie move tyr
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
den move nth
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
arm move smy
bal support den
ber move kie
bla move ank
boh support tyr move mun
bul move rum
bur support mun
con support arm move smy
den support nwy move nth
gre move ion
hel support kie
kie support nth move den
mun support kie
nat move cly
nap move ion
nth move den
nrg support nth
nwy move nth
pie move tyr
ruh support kie
ser support tri
sil support tyr move mun
ska support hel move den
smy move syr
swe support den
tri hold
tyr move mun
ven support pie move tyr
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
nth move hol
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet rom
build Fleet stp/nc
remove syr
build Army vie
build Army war
remove yor
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
ank move con
bal support den
ber move kie
boh move tyr
bud support tri
bur move bel
cly support nrg move edi
con move aeg
den support ber move kie
gre move alb
hel support kie
hol support kie
kie support ruh move mun
mun support boh move tyr
nap move ion
nth move hel
nrg move edi
rom move tys
ruh move mun
rum move bul
ser support tri
sil support mun
ska move nth
smy hold
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri support boh move tyr
tyr hold
ven support tyr
vie support boh move tyr
war move pru
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move eas
alb move gre
bal support ber move kie
bel hold
ber move kie
boh move mun
bud support tri
bul hold
cly move nrg
con move aeg
den support ber move kie
edi support cly move nrg
hel support kie
hol support kie
ion move alb
mun move bur
nth move lon
nwy move ska
pru move ber
ruh move bur
ser support tri
sil support boh move mun
ska move nth
smy move con
swe support den
tri support vie move tyr
tyr move mun
tys move ion
ven move tri
vie move tyr
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove hol
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support alb move ion
aeg support eas move ion
alb move ion
bal support ber move kie
bel move bur
ber move kie
boh move mun
bre move eng
bud support tri
bul support gre
con hold
den support ber move kie
eas move ion
edi support nth
gre support ser move alb
ion move tys
lon move eng
mun move ruh
nth hold
nrg support nth
pru move ber
ruh move hol
ser move alb
sil support boh move mun
ska move nth
stp/nc move nwy
swe support den
tri support ser move alb
tyr move vie
ven support tyr
vie support tri
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support eas move ion
alb support bud move tri
bal move den
ber support kie
bre move eng
bud move tri
bul hold
bur move bel
con hold
den move nth
eas move ion
edi support nth
gre support eas move ion
hel support hol
hol move ruh
kie support ruh move hol
lon support den move nth
mun hold
nth support hol
nrg support nth
nwy support den move nth
ruh move hol
sil move boh
ska support den move nth
swe support nwy
tri move ser
tyr move boh
tys support adr move ion
ven support tyr
vie support bud move tri
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet/dislodged nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move yor
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove hel
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr support nap move ion
aeg support ion
alb move apu via convoy
bel move bur
ber move kie
bud support tri
bul hold
con hold
den support nth
edi support nrg
eng support yor move lon
gre support ion
hol support swe move bel
ion convoy alb move apu
kie move ruh
lon move eng
mar move gol
mun support vie move tyr
nap move ion
nth convoy swe move bel
nrg move nth
nwy support nth
ser support tri
sil move boh
ska convoy swe move bel
stp/nc move bar
swe move bel via convoy
tri support vie move tyr
tyr support ven
tys move tun
ven support tyr
vie move tyr
yor move lon
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bar
Russia: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
Russia: fleet/dislodged lon
Russia: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lon move wal
tyr move pie
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bar
Russia: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move ion
apu support tri move ven
bar move nrg
bel support mun move bur
boh move sil
bud move tri
bul support gre
con hold
den move nth
edi move nth
eng support edi move nth
gre support bul
hol support bel
ion move adr
kie hold
lon support edi move nth
gol move tys
mun move bur
nth move edi
nrg support edi move nth
nwy support bar move nrg
pie support ven
ruh support mun move bur
ser support bud move tri
ska support den move nth
tri move ven
tun move ion
tyr move pie
ven support pie
wal move iri
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nrg
France: fleet/dislodged nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move pic
nth move hel
nrg move edi
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu move ven
bel support ruh move bur
bud support tri
bul support gre
bur move mar
con hold
den support ska move nth
edi move yor
eng move mid
gre support aeg move ion
hel support ska move nth
hol support bel
ion move adr
iri move mid
kie hold
lon move eng
nap support tun move ion
nth move lon
nrg support ska move nth
nwy support nrg
pic move par
pie move tyr
ruh move bur
ser support tri
sil move ber
ska move nth
tri support apu move ven
tun move ion
tyr support apu move ven
tys move rom
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
ven move tus
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg move ion
bel hold
ber move kie
bud move rum
bul support gre
bur move mar
con hold
den support nth
gre support bul
hel convoy kie move edi
hol hold
ion move nap
iri move mid
kie move edi via convoy
mar move spa
nap move ion
nth convoy kie move edi
nrg support kie move edi
nwy support nth
ser hold
tri support ven
tun support rom move tys
tus support pie
tyr support ven
ven hold
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army mos
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg hold
bel hold
bud move vie
bul support gre
con hold
den move bal
edi hold
gre support bul
hel move den
hol hold
ion move nap
kie hold
mid support nth move eng
mar support pie
mos move sev
nap support tus move rom
nth move eng
nrg move nat
nwy move nth
rum support bul
ser move alb
spa move por
tri support ven
tus move rom
tyr move pie
ven support tyr move pie
vie move boh
war hold
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
Austria: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Russia: army mar
Russia: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
Austria: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support gre
bal move ber
bel support kie move hol
boh move mun
bul hold
con move bul
den move kie
edi support nat move lvp
eng support nth move lon
gre support bul
hol hold
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid support mar move spa
mar move spa
nat move lvp
nap support rom
nth move lon
por hold
rom support nap
rum support bul
sev move rum
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
ven move apu
vie move boh
war move sil
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Austria: army/dislodged hol
Austria: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
France: fleet/dislodged lon
France: supply lon
England: army/dislodged lvp
Russia: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Russia: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
Austria: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Russia: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
hol move ruh
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: army bel
Russia: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Russia: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
Austria: army por
Austria: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Russia: army spa
Russia: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: fleet tun
Russia: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
