PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon hold
lvp move wal
mar hold
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven hold
vie move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr hold
ank hold
apu move tun via convoy
bla move rum
bot move swe
bud move rum
bul move gre
con move bla
den move swe
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move ber
lon move nth
mid move por
mar move spa
nth move hol
pic move bel
ruh move mun
ser support bud move rum
sil move ber
ukr support bla move rum
ven move tri
wal hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support bud move tri
ank move arm
bel support kie move hol
ber support mun move sil
bla move rum
bot move swe
bre move eng
bud move tri
con move aeg
den move swe
edi move nwy via convoy
gre move bul
hol hold
ion convoy tun move alb
kie move hol
mar move spa/sc
mun move sil
nap move apu
nth move nwy
par move pic
por move mid
ser support bud move tri
sil move gal
smy move eas
spa move gas
tri support ven move tyr
tun move alb via convoy
ukr support bla move rum
ven move tyr
wal hold
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
England: fleet/dislodged hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol move nth
tri move vie
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move gre
alb move tri
apu support ion
arm move sev
bel hold
ber move pru
bot move swe
den move swe
eas move aeg
eng convoy pic move wal
gal move war
gas move par
ion hold
nth move hel
pic move wal via convoy
sil move mun
spa/sc move mid
tri move ven
tyr move ven
ukr move sev
vie support alb move tri
wal move lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
build Army mos
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support gre move ion
aeg support gre move ion
apu move adr
arm move ank
bel move lon via convoy
bot move swe
bul hold
den move swe
edi hold
eng convoy bel move lon
gre move ion
hel hold
ion support apu move adr
kie move hel
lon hold
mid move iri
mos move lvn
nwy move ska
par move pic
pru move war
rum move sev
ser move bud
smy move eas
spa/sc move mid
tri support vie move bud
tyr move ven
ukr move rum
ven move rom
vie move bud
wal support bel move lon
war support mos move lvn
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: army/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ion move nap
lon move yor
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support rom move ven
aeg support eas move ion
ank move con
apu move adr
bot move swe
bud support rum move ser
bul support ser
den move swe
eas move ion
eng move nth
ion move tun
iri support wal move lvp
kie support den
lon move yor
lvn move pru
mid move wes
mun move sil
nap move rom
pic move bel
rom move ven
rum move ser
ser hold
tri support ven
ven support nap move rom
wal move lvp
war support lvn move pru
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Germany: army/dislodged pru
Austria: army/dislodged rom
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
pru move ber
rom move tus
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove adr
build Fleet bre
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Army smy
remove tus
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support ion
apu move adr
ber move pru
bot move swe
bre move eng
bud support tri move ser
bul move gre
con move bul
den move swe
edi move lvp
ion support tun move tys
iri move nat
kie move bal
lon move yor
lvp move edi
nap support rom move tys
nth support lon move yor
pru move sil
rom move tys
rum support sev
ser hold
sev support rum
sil move war
smy move con
tri move ser
tun move tys
ven move tyr
war support pru move sil
wes support rom move tys
yor move lvp
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
England: army/dislodged yor
ORDERS
ser move alb
sil move mun
yor move wal
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg move ion
alb support bul move ser
bal support den move swe
bel hold
bot move swe
bud support ser
bul move ser
con move bul
den move swe
edi hold
eng move lon
gre support bul move ser
hol move ruh
ion move tys
lvp move edi
mar hold
mun move tyr
nat move nrg
nap move ion
nth support lvp move edi
pru move ber
rum support bul move ser
ser support adr move alb
sil move war
tun support ion move tys
tyr move tri
tys support wes move tun
wal move lon
war move lvn
wes move tun
yor move lvp
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
England: army/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Army mun
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy ven move alb
aeg support ion
bal move swe
bel support edi move hol
ber move sil
bot move stp/sc
bre move eng
bud move vie
bul move gre
con move bul
edi move hol via convoy
eng move lon
gre move apu via convoy
ion convoy gre move apu
lvp hold
mar move bur
mun move boh
nap move ion
nth convoy edi move hol
nrg move nwy
rum support ser move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev support rum
swe move nwy
tri move vie
tun move tys
tyr move vie
tys support nap move ion
ven move alb via convoy
war move sil
wes move gol
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy alb move ven
aeg move ion
alb move ven via convoy
apu move nap
bal move den
bel move ruh
ber move kie
boh move vie
bud move ser
bul support ser
bur move mun
eng move lon
gre support ser
hol support bel move ruh
ion move tys
lon move nth
lvn move pru
gol hold
nap move ion
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
ruh move mun
rum support tri move ser
ser support tyr move tri
sev move bla
stp/sc move bot
swe move nwy
tri support alb move ven
tun support ion move tys
tyr move tri
tys move rom
wal move lon
war support lvn move pru
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bud
build Army mar
build Army mun
build Army par
remove wal
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support nap move apu
aeg convoy gre move smy
apu move nap
bla move ank
bot move swe
bul move con
bur move mun
den support swe
eng hold
gre move smy via convoy
hol support ruh move kie
kie move ber
lvp move edi
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mun move kie
nap move apu
nth move den
nwy support bot move swe
par move pic
pru move ber
rom hold
ruh move kie
ser support tyr move tri
swe support den
tri support ven
tun move ion
tyr move mun
tys support apu move nap
ven support tri
vie move bud
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move fin
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: army edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support nap move apu
aeg move bul/sc
apu move rom
bur move mun
con move ank
den move kie
edi move nwy via convoy
eng move mid
fin move stp/sc
hol move kie
ion move nap
kie move den
gol move wes
mun support den move kie
nap move apu
nth support kie move den
nrg convoy edi move nwy
nwy move ska
pic move bel
pie move tyr
pru move ber
rom move tys
rum move bul
ser move bul
sil support pru move ber
smy support con move ank
swe hold
tri support pie move tyr
tyr move vie
tys support apu move rom
ven support nap move apu
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Russia: fleet/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Italy: fleet/dislodged rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move bla
den move hel
rom disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove adr
remove apu
build Fleet con
remove hel
build Fleet mar
build Army par
build Army sev
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank support smy move arm
bel move ruh
bla support sev move arm
bud move gal
bur move mun
con move bul/ec
den hold
kie move ber
mid move naf
mar move gol
mun move ber
nap move apu
nth hold
nrg move bar
nwy support ska move swe
par move bur
rom move ven
ser support con move bul
sev move arm
ska move swe
smy move arm
tri support tyr
tyr support bur move mun
tys move tun
ven support tri
vie move bud
wes move tun
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
France: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move boh
swe disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Turkey: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
France: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support smy move arm
apu move ven
bar support nwy move stp
boh move vie
bud move tri
bul/ec move bla
bur move mun
con support bul/ec move bla
den move swe
gal move rum
kie support mun move ber
gol move tys
mun move ber
naf move tun
nth move den
nwy move stp
rom support apu move ven
ruh support bur move mun
rum support bla move bul
ser move bul
sev support rum
sil move war
smy move arm
swe move bal
tri support ven
tyr support ven
tys move tun
ven support tri
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: army/dislodged ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet/dislodged stp/sc
France: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber disband
stp/sc move fin
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Turkey: army rom
Turkey: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
