PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar support par move bur
mos move sev
mun hold
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven hold
vie hold
war move lvn
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move con
apu move tun
bot move swe
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul
hol support bur move bel
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move den
lvn hold
mid move por
mar move spa
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
rum support sev
ser support ion move gre
sev support rum
ven hold
vie move gal
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move alb
bre hold
bul hold
con support bul
gre hold
hol support kie move hel
ion move gre
kie move hel
lon hold
lvn support war
mar move spa/sc
mos move ukr
nap move ion
nth convoy yor move nwy
nwy move ska
par move pic
por move mid
rum move bla
ser hold
sev move rum via convoy
smy move aeg
spa move gas
swe move bal
tri support ser
war support mos move ukr
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move gre
ank move con
bal support lvn move swe
bla move sev
bre move eng
bul support gre
con move smy
gal move bud
gas move bur
gre hold
hel support den
hol move nth
ion move eas
lon support nth
lvn move swe
mid move iri
mun move kie
nap move ion
nth convoy nwy move den
nwy move den via convoy
rum move gal
ser hold
ska support nwy move den
spa/sc move mid
tri support ser
ukr support rum move gal
ven hold
war support rum move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb support tun move gre
bal move pru
bel support bur
ber move mun
bud move gal
bul support gre
bur move mun
con support bul
eas move aeg
eng convoy pic move wal
gal move vie
hel move nth
hol support hel move nth
ion convoy tun move gre
iri move lvp
kie support den
lvn move war
mid support eng
pic move wal via convoy
ser move bul
sev support ukr move rum
smy hold
tri support ser
tun move gre via convoy
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
bel support bur move ruh
bud support tri move vie
bul move gre
bur move ruh
con support smy
eas move aeg
eng move lon
gre support ser
ion support gre
lon move yor
lvn move pru
mid move eng
nwy move stp
pru move bal
rum move bud
ser support bud
sev move bla
ska move swe
smy support aeg
tri move vie
tyr move mun
vie support rum move bud
wal support eng move lon
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
remove alb
remove bal
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
build Army nap
build Army par
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
bel move hol
bla move ank
bre move eng
bud support ser
bul move gre
con move bul
eas convoy nap move syr
edi move cly
eng move nth
ion convoy nap move syr
lon support eng move nth
lvp move cly
nap move syr via convoy
par move bur
pru support sil move ber
ruh support bel move hol
rum move ukr
ser move bul
sil move ber
stp move mos
swe move nwy
tri support bud
vie move gal
wal move yor
yor move nth
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Italy: army/dislodged gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bud move rum
bur move ruh
con move bul
eas support syr move smy
edi move nth
eng support nth
gal move war
hol support ruh move kie
ion move aeg
lon support wal move yor
lvp move cly
mos hold
mun support ruh move kie
nth move edi
nwy support edi move nth
pru move lvn
ruh move kie
ser support bud move rum
syr move smy
tri move vie
ukr move mos
ven move tyr
wal move yor
yor support edi move nth
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
England: fleet/dislodged yor
ORDERS
nth move ska
smy move con
yor disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
remove ank
build Army bud
remove bul
build Army edi
build Army mar
build Army par
build Army tri
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support con move smy
ber hold
bud support vie move gal
cly move edi
con move smy
eas move aeg
edi move lvp
eng move wal
ion support eas move aeg
kie support mun move ber
lon support ska move nth
lvn support ukr move mos
mar move bur
mos move stp
nth move edi
nwy support mos move stp
par move pic
ruh support kie
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
ska move nth
smy move con
tri move alb
tyr support mun
ukr move mos
ven support tyr
vie move gal
war support ukr move mos
yor support cly move edi
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
nth move eng
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support aeg move gre
bud move ser
bul support smy move con
bur move bel
con move bul/sc
edi support nth
eng move mid
gal move ukr
gre support con move bul
hol move bel
kie support nth move den
lon move eng
lvn support mos
lvp hold
mos support war
mun move ber
nth move den
nwy support stp
pic move bre
ruh support kie
rum move sev
smy move con
stp support nwy
tyr move boh
ven move tyr
wal support yor move lvp
war support mos
yor move lvp
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army/dislodged den
France: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
England: army/dislodged lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move bla
lvp move cly
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army cly
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army bud
remove cly
build Army mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
boh support mun
bre move gas
bud move gal
bul move rum
bur move ruh
con move ank
den move bal
edi move nth
eng move mid
gre move ion
hol support ruh move kie
ion move tun
kie move den
lvn move stp
lvp move yor
mid move spa/sc
mar move spa
mos support lvn move stp
nap move tys
nwy support stp
par move bur
rom move tus
ruh move kie
ser move bud
sev move mos
stp support nwy
tyr support mun
ukr support sev move mos
vie support bud move gal
wal move iri
war move mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Italy: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
alb move ser
bal support den move swe
boh support mun
bud hold
bur support kie move mun
den move swe
eng move bre
gal move sil
gas support mar move spa
hol move kie
iri move mid
kie move mun
lvn support war move mos
mid move por
mar move spa
mos move lvn
mun hold
nth convoy yor move bel
nwy move swe
pru move swe
ruh support kie move mun
rum move sev
stp support mos
tyr support mun
ukr move war
war move mos
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Austria: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
France: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mos move ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove pru
build Army tri
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bal support kie move ber
bel move den via convoy
boh support mun
bre move mid
bud move gal
bur move mun
gas move mar
hol move kie
ion move tys
kie move ber
lvn move stp
mid move por
mos support lvn move stp
mun support sil move ber
nth convoy bel move den
nwy support stp
por move spa/sc
ruh support hol move kie
sev move mos
sil move ber
spa support mid move por
stp support nwy
tri move bud
tun move naf
tus move gol
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ukr support sev move mos
ven move pie
war move lvn
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move bot
ber support kie move mun
boh support mun
bur move pic
den move swe
gal move sil
kie move mun
lvn move mos
gol support pie move mar
mid support spa
mos move lvn
mun move bur
naf move mid
nwy support stp
pie move mar
por support mid
ruh support kie move mun
sil move ber
spa support mar
stp support nwy
swe move fin
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ukr move mos
vie move gal
war support mos move lvn
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Russia: army/dislodged lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
lvn move pru
mar move gas
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army par
remove pru
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support mun
boh move tyr
bot move bal
bre move mid
bur move gas
fin support stp
gal support sil
gas move mar
lvn support war move pru
gol support mar move spa
mid move spa/sc
mar move spa
mos support stp
mun support ber
naf move mid
nth move bel
nwy move nrg
par support pic move bur
pic move bur
por support mid move spa
ruh support mun
sil move ber
spa move gas
stp hold
swe support fin
tyr move pie
vie move boh
war move pru
wes support mar move spa
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber
bel move nth
boh support sil move mun
bre move eng
bud move vie
bur support mar
fin support stp
gal move sil
lvn support pru
gol support pie move mar
mid move wes
mar move spa
mos support stp
naf move mid
nrg move edi
par move gas
pie move mar
por support mid
pru move ber
ruh support mun
ser move bud
sil move mun
spa support pie move mar
stp move nwy
swe move nwy
tri hold
tyr move ven
wes support spa
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army fin
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber
boh move mun
bud move vie
bur support mun
edi move cly
eng support por move mid
fin support swe move nwy
gal move war
gas move par
lvn support pru
gol support mar
mid move nat
mar support spa move gas
naf move mid
nap move tys
por move mid
pru support sil move ber
rom move ven
ruh support mun
sil move ber
spa move gas
stp move nwy
swe move nwy
tys move wes
ven move pie
vie move tyr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army fin
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber
boh support sil move mun
bur support par move gas
cly move edi
eng support mid
fin move stp
gas move bre
lvn support stp
gol support pie move mar
mid move por
mar move gas
mos support stp
naf move mid
nat support mid
nth move edi
nwy support fin move stp
par move gas
pie move mar
pru move ber
ruh support mun
sil move mun
spa/sc move por
stp move nwy
tri hold
tyr support sil move mun
tys move wes
vie move gal
war support pru
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
England: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move iri
mun move kie
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support stp move lvn
ber support bur move mun
boh support mun
bre support mar move gas
bur move mun
cly move edi
eng hold
gal move sil
gas move bur
iri move lvp
kie support bur move mun
lvn support mos
gol support pie move mar
mid move spa/nc
mar move gas
mos support lvn
mun hold
nat move nrg
nth move edi
nwy move stp
pie move mar
pru move ber
rom move ven
ruh support bur move mun
spa/sc move por
stp move lvn
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ven move pie
vie move gal
war support gal move sil
wes move naf
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
France: army/dislodged gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gas disband
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber
ber support bur move mun
boh support tyr move mun
bre support gas move par
bur move mun
cly move edi
gas move par
kie support ber
lvn move stp
gol support pie move mar
mar move bur
mos support lvn move stp
mun move ber
naf support wes move mid
nth support nrg move edi
nrg move edi
nwy support stp
pie move mar
por support wes move mid
pru support mun move ber
ruh support bur
sil support mun move ber
spa/nc support wes move mid
stp support nwy
tyr move mun
ven hold
war support lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove cly
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bal support ber
ber support kie move mun
boh support mun
bre move pic
bur hold
edi move nth
eng move iri
gal move war
kie move mun
lvn move stp
lvp move nat
gol move spa/sc
mid move bre
mar move bur
mos support lvn move stp
mun support pru move ber
naf move mid
nap move tys
nth move eng
nwy support stp
par support mar move bur
pie move mar
por move spa/nc
pru move ber
rom move ven
ruh support bur
sil support pru move ber
spa/nc move gas
stp hold
tyr support mun
ven move pie
war move pru
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bal support ber
boh support mun
bre move pic
bur move bel
eng move mid
gal move war
gas support por move mid
iri support eng move mid
kie support ruh
lvn move stp
gol move spa/sc
mid move bre
mar move bur
mos support lvn move stp
mun hold
nat support eng move mid
nth move eng
nwy support stp
par support mar move bur
pic move bel
pie move mar
por move mid
pru move ber
rom move ven
ruh support bur move bel
sil support pru move ber
stp hold
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ven move pie
war move pru
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move naf
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber
bel support ruh
boh move mun
bre move eng
bur move bel
eng move nth
gal move boh
gas support naf move mid
iri support mid move eng
kie support ber
lvn move stp
mid move eng
mar move bur
mos support lvn move stp
mun move ber
naf move mid
nwy support stp
par support pic
pic support bur move bel
pie move mar
por support wes move mid
pru support mun move ber
ruh support bel
sil support mun move ber
spa/sc support naf move mid
tyr support boh move mun
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber
bel support ruh
ber hold
boh support mun
bre support mid
bur support mun move ruh
eng move bre
gal move war
gas support mid
iri support eng
kie support ber
lvn move stp
mos support lvn move stp
mun move ber
nat move mid
nth support bel
nwy support stp
par move pic
pic move bel
por move spa/nc
pru support mun move ber
sil support mun move ber
spa/sc move por
stp hold
tyr support mun
war move lvn
wes move naf
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bal support ber
bel support ruh
boh support mun
bre support mid move eng
bur move bel
eng move bre
gal hold
iri support eng
kie support ruh
lvn move stp
mid move eng
mar move bur
mos support lvn move stp
mun move ruh
naf move mid
nat move mid
nth support bel
nwy support stp
pic support bur move bel
por support naf move mid
pru move ber
ruh move mun
sil support pru move ber
tyr support mun
war support pru
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
eng move lon
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bal support ber
bel support ruh
ber hold
boh move mun
bre support mid move eng
bur support pic move bel
eng move wal
gal move boh
gas support spa/sc move mid
iri move eng
kie support ber
lon support iri move eng
lvn move stp
mid move eng
mos support lvn move stp
mun move ber
nat move nrg
nth support iri move eng
nwy support stp
par move pic
pic move bel
por support spa/sc move mid
pru support mun move ber
ruh move mun
sil support mun move ber
spa/sc move mid
tyr support boh move mun
war support pru
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bal
Italy: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bal
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove hol
build Army rom
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bal
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
France: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bal support ber
bel move hol
boh move mun
bre move pic
bur move ruh
eng move bel
gal move boh
gas move bre
kie move mun
lvn support mos move stp
mid move nat
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun move ber
nth move hel
nrg move nth
nwy support stp
pic move bel
pie move mar
por move spa/nc
pru support mun move ber
rom move tus
ruh support eng move bel
sil support mun move ber
spa/sc move mid
stp move mos
tyr support boh move mun
wal move lvp
war support lvn
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bal
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
Italy: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Austria: army stp
France: army/dislodged stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
stp disband
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: fleet bal
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
France: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
Italy: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Austria: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bal move den
ber support mun move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bre move eng
bur move ruh
eng support ruh move bel
gas move bre
hel support kie move hol
hol support bur move ruh
kie move hol
lon support eng
lvn move stp
mid move nat
mar move bur
mun move kie
nat move nrg
nth support ruh move bel
nwy move stp
pic move bel
pie move mar
pru move lvn
ruh move bel
sil support ber
spa/nc move mid
stp move fin
tri move alb
tyr move mun
war move mos
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Italy: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet rom
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Italy: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
alb hold
bel move nwy via convoy
ber support kie
boh support tri move tyr
bre support mid move eng
bur move bel
den support hol move kie
fin move swe
gas move mid
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
kie move den
lon move yor
lvn support mos move stp
mid move eng
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun move kie
nat move nrg
nth convoy bel move nwy
nrg move edi
nwy move swe
pic support bur move bel
rom move tys
ruh support bur move bel
tri move tyr
tus move pie
vie move boh
PHASE 1915 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: army fin
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
bel move hol
eng move lon
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
France: army nwy
France: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
alb hold
bel move hol
ber support mun move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bre support eng
bur move bel
den support kie
edi support nrg
eng convoy pic move wal
fin support stp move nwy
hel support kie
lon move nth
lvn move stp
lvp move wal
mid support eng
mun move kie
nth move ska
nrg support edi
pic move wal via convoy
pru move lvn
ruh support bel move hol
sil support ber
stp move nwy
tyr move mun
vie move tyr
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
Italy: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
France: army/dislodged nwy
France: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
France: supply stp
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
nwy move swe
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove den
remove hel
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Army tri
remove yor
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Italy: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
bel support hol
ber support mun move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bre move eng
bud hold
edi support nrg move nth
eng move lon
fin move swe
kie move ber
mun move kie
nap move ion
nth move nwy
nrg move nth
nwy support fin move swe
pie support ven
rom move tys
ruh support hol
sil support ber
ska support nth move nwy
stp support nwy
swe support nth move nwy
tri hold
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ven support pie
vie move gal
PHASE 1916 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
France: army/dislodged kie
France: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
France: fleet/dislodged nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move den
nth move hel
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
France: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
France: army swe
France: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support ruh
ber support kie
boh hold
bud move gal
con hold
den move kie
fin move swe
gal move war
hel support den move kie
hol support ruh
ion move aeg
kie move den
mun support kie
nth move hel
nwy support fin move swe
ruh support hol
sil support mun
ska support swe move nwy
stp support nwy
swe move nwy
tri hold
tys move ion
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove den
build Army nap
remove ska
build Army vie
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy nap move smy
ber support kie move mun
hel support nth move den
ion convoy nap move smy
kie support swe move den
mun support kie
nap move smy via convoy
nth move hel
swe move den
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
France: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
con hold
eng convoy pic move tun
hel support nth move den
mid convoy pic move tun
pic move tun via convoy
wes convoy pic move tun
PHASE 1917 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: fleet hel
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove hel
PHASE 1918 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: army hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
