PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun hold
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move nap
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie hold
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur move bel
con move bul
edi move nwy via convoy
gal support sev move rum
hol support bur move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move por
mun move boh
nap move rom
nth move den
nrg convoy edi move nwy
ser support alb move gre
sev move rum
stp move nwy
ven hold
vie move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support bla
bla move con
boh hold
bre move eng
bud support vie
con move smy
edi move nwy via convoy
gal support rum
gre support ser move bul
hol move nth
kie move den
mar move spa/sc
mos move ukr
mun hold
nap move tys
nth convoy edi move nwy
nrg support edi move nwy
par move bur
por move mid
rom move tus
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support rum
spa move gas
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri support vie
tun move ion
ven hold
vie hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move wal via convoy
boh support mun
bud support vie
bul hold
bur move bel
den hold
edi move yor
eng convoy bel move wal
gal support ukr move rum
gas move mar
gre support bul
hol move nth
ion move eas
mid move iri
mun support boh
nth move lon
nrg move nat
rum move bla
sev support rum move bla
spa/sc move mid
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri support vie
tus move ven
tys move ion
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
vie support ven move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
bel move bur
bla move con
boh support mun
bud move ser
bul support bla move con
den move edi via convoy
eas move smy
eng support wal move lon
gal support rum
gre move aeg
ion hold
iri move lvp
kie move hol
lon hold
mid move nat
mar move bur
mun support boh
nat move iri
nth convoy den move edi
nwy move fin
rum support gal
sev move arm
stp/nc move bar
swe move nwy
tri support vie
tyr hold
ven support tyr
vie support tri
wal move lon
yor move lvp
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
con disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
arm move ank
bar move nrg
bel hold
bla support smy move con
boh move vie
bul move gre
con support rum move bul
eas move smy
edi hold
eng support bel
fin move swe
gal move bud
hol move bel
ion move gre
iri move lvp
mid move nat
mar move bur
mun move ruh
nat move iri
nth support hol move bel
nwy move swe
rum move bul
ser support vie move tri
smy move con
tri move bud
tyr support boh move vie
ven move tri
vie move tri
yor move lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove bla
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
remove iri
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet sev
build Army war
remove yor
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank support smy move con
bre move eng
bud support tri move vie
bul move rum
bur support bel
con support smy
edi move lvp
eng move lon
fin hold
gal move bud
hol move bel
ion move alb
kie move hol
lon move yor
lvp move wal
mar move gol
mun move bur
nat move cly
nap move ion
nth support hol move bel
nrg support nwy
nwy support nrg
ruh support hol move bel
rum support gal move bud
ser support bul move rum
sev support rum
smy move con
tri move vie
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tyr move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: army/dislodged bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank hold
bel hold
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur move bel
cly support wal move lvp
con move bul/sc
eng support bur move bel
gal move bud
gre move bul/sc
hol support bel
ion support alb move gre
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mun move bur
nth support lvp move edi
nrg move cly
nwy support nth
pic support bur move bel
ruh support mun move bur
rum support gal move bud
ser support bul move rum
sev support rum
tri move ser
ven move tus
vie support gal move bud
wal move lvp
war move gal
yor move edi
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
gre move aeg
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
remove ser
build Army ven
remove wal
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank support sev move bla
bud move ser
bul move con
bur move par
cly move lvp
con support gre move bul
eng support bel
gal move bud
gre move bul/sc
hol move bel
ion move eas
kie move mun
lon move nth
lvp move edi
gol move mar
mos move sev
mun move boh
nap move ion
nth support hol move bel
nrg move cly
nwy support nth
pic move par
rom move ven
ruh support hol move bel
rum support bud move ser
sev move bla
tri move alb
tus move pie
ven move tri
vie hold
yor support cly move lvp
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
alb move ser
ank support bla move con
bla move con
boh move tyr
bud support ser
bul/sc support con
bur move mar
cly move lvp
con support eas move smy
eas move smy
edi support cly move lvp
eng support bel
hol support nth move bel
ion move gre
lon move nth
mun move bur
nth move bel
nwy move nth
pic support bel
pie support bur move mar
ruh support nth move bel
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move arm
smy move con
tri move bud
ven move tri
vie support boh move tyr
yor support lvp
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Italy: fleet/dislodged con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
France: fleet/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
con move aeg
mar disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
remove eas
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Fleet stp/nc
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc
alb support tri
ank support con
arm move smy
bud support vie move tri
bul/sc support aeg
bur move pic
cly move lvp
con hold
edi support cly move lvp
eng support bel
gre support bul/sc
hol support nth move bel
lon move nth
mar move spa
nth move bel
nwy move nrg
par move bur
pic support par move bur
pie move mar
ruh support nth move bel
rum support ser
ser support vie move tri
sev move bla
smy hold
stp/nc move nwy
tri hold
tyr support vie move tri
ven support tri
vie move tri
yor support lvp
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Germany: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
bur move mun
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Germany: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc
alb move ser
ank move con
arm move syr
bel hold
bla support con move bul
bud support tri
bul/sc support aeg
cly move lvp
con move bul/sc
edi hold
eng support bur move bel
fin move swe
gre support bul/sc
hol support bel
mar move bur
mun support mar move bur
nth move den
nrg support edi
nwy move nth
pic support bur move bel
ruh support bel
rum support con move bul
ser move alb
smy move aeg
spa move por
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
ven hold
yor support lvp
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
France: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Germany: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
bur move gas
ven move pie
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet ber
build Army kie
build Fleet stp/sc
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move eng
ber move bal
bla move con
bud move vie
bul/sc support con move aeg
bur support pic
cly support edi move lvp
con move aeg
den move nth
edi move lvp
eng support den move nth
gas move spa
gre move alb
hol move bel
kie move den
mun move bur
nth support bel move eng
nrg move nwy
pic support bur
pie move mar
por move spa
ruh support hol move bel
rum move gal
ser move gre
smy hold
stp/sc move bot
swe support kie move den
syr move smy
tri move ven
ven move apu
yor support lvp
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
France: fleet/dislodged den
France: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Russia: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
den move hel
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
France: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Russia: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support smy move eas
alb move adr
apu move rom
bal move kie
bel hold
bot move swe
bul/sc support gre
bur move mar
cly hold
con support aeg
den hold
edi move lvp
eng move lon
gal hold
gas move spa
gre hold
hel support den move kie
hol support bel
ion move nap
mar move pie
mun move kie
nth support bel
nwy support nth
pic support bur
por move spa
ruh support bel
smy move eas
swe move fin
ven move tri
vie move tyr
yor support lvp
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
France: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove hel
build Fleet kie
remove mar
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr support nap move ion
aeg support eas move ion
bal move den
bel move eng
ber move mun
bul/sc move gre
cly support edi move lvp
con move bul/sc
den move kie
eas move ion
edi move lvp
fin support swe
gal hold
gas move bur
gre move ser
hol move bel
kie move hel
lon move nth
mun move tyr
nap move ion
nth move yor
nwy move nrg
pic support gas move bur
pie move ven
por move spa
rom move nap
ruh move bur
sev move bla
swe hold
tri move ven
tyr move boh
yor support lvp
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
France: fleet/dislodged lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Germany: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
lvp disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Austria: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Germany: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg support eas move ion
bla move con
boh hold
bur move mar
cly move edi
den move nth
eas move ion
eng move pic
fin move swe
gal move bud
gre support eas move ion
hel support den move nth
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mun move bur
nap hold
nth move nrg
nrg move nat
pic move bre
pie move tyr
rom move nap
ruh support mun move bur
ser move bud
spa hold
swe move nwy
syr move arm
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
yor support cly move edi
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Germany: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Army mun
remove tyr
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Germany: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr support nap move ion
aeg move eas
arm move sev
bel support hel move nth
boh move gal
bul/sc move aeg
bur support spa move mar
con move smy
den support swe
edi support nth move yor
gal move bud
gre move ion
hel move nth
ion move tun
lon move eng
lvp support nth move yor
mos move lvn
mun move tyr
nat move mid
nap move ion
nth move yor
nrg support edi
nwy support nrg
pic move eng
rom support ven move apu
ruh move mun
ser hold
spa move mar
swe support nwy
tri move ven
ven move apu
yor move lon
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Germany: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army/dislodged yor
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
mar move gas
yor disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Germany: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet yor
ORDERS
adr support ion move apu
aeg support eas move ion
apu move nap
bel move eng
bud move tri
bur move gas
den support swe
eas move ion
edi hold
gal move war
gas move par
gre support eas move ion
ion move apu
lon move nth
lvn move war
lvp hold
mid support pic move bre
mar support bur move gas
mun move bur
nth support yor move lon
nrg support edi
nwy support nrg
pic move bre
rom support apu move nap
ser move tri
sev move mos
smy hold
swe support nwy
tun hold
tyr move pie
ven move tri
yor move lon
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
France: fleet/dislodged lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lon disband
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: army nap
Germany: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
remove apu
build Army ber
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
build Army war
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: army nap
Germany: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: supply por
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bud support ser move tri
bur move par
edi support nrg
gal move vie
gas support bur move par
gre support aeg move ion
ion move adr
lvn move pru
mid move por
mos move war
mun move tyr
nrg support edi
nwy support swe
par move pic
pie move ven
ser move tri
smy move aeg
swe support nwy
tun hold
ven move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: army nap
Germany: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pie
Russia: fleet por
Germany: supply por
Russia: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move ion
bud support tri
edi support nrg
eng move bel
gal support vie
gas move spa
ion move tys
nap hold
nrg support edi
nwy support swe
par hold
pic move bel
pie support ven
por hold
pru support war move sil
rom support nap
swe support nwy
tri support vie
tun hold
tyr support ven
vie support tri
war move sil
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet adr
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Germany: army nap
Germany: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Germany: army pie
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Russia: army pru
Germany: army rom
Germany: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
