PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move gas
rom move tus
sev move arm
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move gal
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move ank
bla move rum
bul support bla move rum
con move ank
gal move war
gas move spa
kie move hol
mid move wes
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg move bar
ruh move bel
ser support alb move gre
sev move rum
spa move por
tus move ven
tys move tun
ukr move war
ven move tyr
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
arm move sev
bar support nwy move stp
ber move pru
bot move lvn
bre move eng
bud move vie
bul support rum
con move smy
den move swe
gal move war
gre move ion
hol move ruh
kie move den
lon move nwy via convoy
mar move gol
mun move sil
nap move tys
nth convoy lon move nwy
nwy move stp
rum support bul
ser support tri
sev move mos
smy move aeg
tun support nap move tys
tyr move ven
ukr move war
ven move tus
wes move mid
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
bel move wal via convoy
bul support rum
con move aeg
den move nth
eng convoy bel move wal
gal move ukr
ion move tys
lvn support mos move stp
gol support mid move wes
mid move wes
mos move stp
nth move lon
nwy move swe
por move spa
pru move war
ruh move hol
rum support bul
sil support pru move war
smy move con
spa move mar
stp move lvn
swe move nwy
tri support vie move tyr
tun move ion
tus move rom
tys move nap
ukr move mos
ven hold
vie move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
stp move fin
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
remove lvn
build Army mun
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy con move gre
bar move nrg
bul support con move gre
con move gre via convoy
eas move ion
eng move lon
fin support nwy move swe
hol move ruh
ion move tun
kie move den
lon hold
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mos support stp
mun move boh
nap move tys
nth move nwy
nwy move swe
rom support ven
rum hold
ser move gre
sev support rum
sil move gal
spa move naf via convoy
stp hold
swe support nth move nwy
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
tys move rom
ukr move gal
ven hold
wal move lvp
war support sil move gal
wes convoy spa move naf
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Germany: fleet/dislodged swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe move ska
ven move tus
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
boh move vie
bul support aeg move gre
den move nth
eng move bel
fin support swe move nwy
gal support boh move vie
gre move alb
ion move adr
lon hold
gol hold
mos support stp
naf move tun
nap move tys
nrg move edi
nwy support ska move swe
pie move ven
rom support tus move ven
ruh move bel
rum hold
ser move rum
sev hold
ska move swe
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move vie
tun support nap move tys
tus move ven
tys move rom
ukr support ser move rum
ven support tys move rom
war support gal
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
Germany: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: fleet/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move ska
rum move bla
tun move ion
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove fin
remove ion
build Army kie
build Army mar
build Army mun
remove tus
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
alb move ser
bla move rum
bul support alb move ser
edi support lon move nth
eng move lon
gal move bud
gre move alb
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
gol support wes move tys
mar move pie
mos support sev
mun move bur
nap support rom
nth support lvp move edi
nwy move swe
pie move tus
rom hold
ruh move bel
rum move ser
sev support bla move rum
ska move nwy
swe support ska move nwy
tri support rum move ser
tys move ion
ukr move rum
ven support tri
vie support gal move bud
wes move tys
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: army/dislodged nwy
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move fin
rum move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
alb move gre
bel move pic
bud support vie
bul support ser
bur move par
edi support lon move nth
eng move iri
fin move nwy
hol move bel
lon move nth
lvp support nth move edi
gol move spa/sc
mos move ukr
nap support rom
nth move edi
nwy support swe
pie move mar
rom hold
rum hold
ser support rum
sev support rum
swe support nwy
tun hold
tus move rom
tys support tus move rom
vie support bud
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
remove gal
remove ion
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
build Army smy
remove tun
remove ukr
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
bel support kie move hol
ber move pru
bud support vie
bul move rum
con move bul
edi move nth
gre move alb
iri move eng
kie move hol
mar move bur
mos move war
mun move tyr
nap support rom
nwy support edi move nth
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
rom hold
rum move bla
ser support adr move tri
smy move con
spa/sc move mid
stp move nwy
swe move den
tus move rom
tys support tus move rom
vie support bud
war support ber move pru
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
alb support tri
bel move pic
bla move con
bre support par
bud support vie
bul move rum
bur move par
con move bul
den move hel
edi move nth
eng support mid move bre
hol support den move hel
lvp move yor
mid move bre
mos support sev
nap support rom
nwy support edi move nth
par support bre
pru move lvn
rom hold
rum move ukr
ser support tri
sev hold
stp move lvn
tri hold
tus support tys move rom
tyr move mun
tys move rom
vie support bud
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army/dislodged bre
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
bre move gas
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army kie
build Army lon
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
alb move adr
ank move con
bre hold
bul move rum
bur hold
con move aeg
eng hold
gas move mar
hel move den
hol move bel
kie move mun
lon move yor
mos support sev
mun move tyr
nap support rom
nth support yor move lon
nwy move stp/nc
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
pru move lvn
rom hold
rum move gal
ser move bud
sev hold
stp move nwy
tri hold
tus hold
tys hold
ukr support rum move gal
ven hold
war support pru move lvn
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
England: army/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bre disband
lon move wal
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move ion
con move bul
gal support rum move bud
mos support stp
nap support rom
rom hold
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
stp hold
ukr move war
ven hold
wal move lvp
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bur
build Army con
build Army kie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: fleet tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
bel support nth move eng
ber move sil
bud move vie
bul move ser
con move bul
den move nth
gal support bud move vie
kie move mun
lvn move stp
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos support stp
mun move tyr
nap support rom
nth move eng
nwy support lvn move stp
par move gas
rom hold
ser move tri
stp support mos
tri move ven
tyr move pie
ukr move war
ven support tus move pie
vie support mun move tyr
war move mos
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army/dislodged ven
Turkey: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Germany: army/dislodged vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
eng disband
stp move fin
ven disband
vie move boh
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
bel move nth
boh move gal
bre move wal via convoy
bul move ser
edi hold
eng convoy bre move wal
fin move swe
gal support ukr move war
gas move spa
ion move tun
lon move yor
mos hold
mun move boh
nap support rom move apu
nth move nrg
nwy support stp
pie support tyr
rom hold
ser move bud
sil support boh move gal
spa move por
stp support nwy
tri support vie
tyr support mun move boh
ukr move war
ven hold
vie support tri
war support boh move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
gal move rum
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet smy
remove tus
remove tys
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move arm
boh support gal
bud support rum move gal
con move bul
edi move yor
lvp move wal
mos move war
nap move tys
nth support nrg move edi
nrg move edi
nwy move swe
pie support tyr
rom support ven
rum move gal
ser support tri
sev move bla
sil move pru
smy move aeg
stp support nwy
swe move den
tri support vie
tun move wes
tyr support boh
ukr support rum move gal
ven hold
vie support rum move gal
wal support yor move lvp
war support gal
yor move lvp
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Germany: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
England: fleet/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
gal move sil
lvp disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bla move ank
boh support tyr
bud move vie
bul move ser
den move kie
gal support vie move boh
ion move tys
mos move war
nth move den
pie support tyr
pru move lvn
rom support tri move ven
ser move tri
sil support war
stp support pru move lvn
swe support nth move den
tri move ven
tyr support boh
tys move gol
ukr move war
ven move adr
vie move boh
wal move lon
war support pru move lvn
wes move mid
yor move lon
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army mun
remove yor
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Turkey: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
ber move kie
boh support sil
bud move gal
den support ber move kie
edi move nth
eng move bre
gal move boh
ion move tys
kie move hol
lvn support stp move mos
lvp move yor
gol move mar
mid move eng
mun move ruh
pie move mar
por support spa
rom support ven
ser move tri
sev support mos
sil support war
spa support por
stp move mos
swe move ska
tri move tyr
tyr move mun
tys move tus
ukr move war
ven support tri move tyr
vie support tri move tyr
wal move lon
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tus
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
bud move vie
den move hel
eng support hol move bel
gal support vie move boh
hol hold
ion move tys
kie support ruh move hol
lvn support war
gol support tus move pie
mun support boh
nth convoy yor move bel
pie move mar
por support spa
ruh move hol
sev support mos
sil support boh
ska move den
spa support pie move mar
stp support lvn
tri support tyr
tus move pie
tyr support vie move boh
tys move wes
ukr move war
ven support tus move pie
vie move boh
war support sil
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: army lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Turkey: fleet pie
Germany: army por
Germany: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Germany: army spa
Germany: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
