PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun hold
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu hold
bla support con move bul
bot move swe
bre move mid
bud support ser
bul move gre
con move bul
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
mun move bur
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg support yor move nwy
pic move bel
pie move mar
rum support ukr move sev
ser support alb move gre
spa move mar
stp move nwy
ukr move sev
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army tri
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move ven
bur move par
hol move bel
kie move hol
lon move eng
mid move por
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move tys
nth support nwy
nrg move bar
pic move par
pie move mar
rum support bul
sev move arm
spa support mar
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tun move wes
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move smy
bar support nwy
bel support hol
bud move ser
bur move par
den hold
eng move bre
gre support ser move bul
hol support bel
mun hold
nth move ska
pie move mar
rum move sev
ser move bul
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri support bud move ser
tys move gol
ukr move rum
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
remove por
remove spa
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bar move stp/nc
bel move pic
ber move mun
bre move mid
bud support ser move rum
bul support ser move rum
gal move ukr
gre move aeg
hol move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
gol move mar
mid move por
mar move bur
mun move bur
nwy move swe
par support bel move pic
pie support gol move mar
ser move rum
sev move arm
ska support nwy move swe
spa move gas
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move ser
ven move apu
vie support bud
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army/dislodged mar
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army/dislodged pic
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mar disband
rum move sev
swe move bot
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
apu hold
arm move ank
ber hold
bot move swe
bud support rum
bul move con
den hold
eng support mid move bre
gas hold
hol move edi via convoy
mid move bre
mar move spa/sc
mun move bur
nth convoy hol move edi
nwy support bot move swe
par hold
pic move bel
pie move mar
por support mar move spa
ser move bul
sev move rum
ska move nwy
smy support con
stp/nc support ska move nwy
swe support ska move nwy
ukr support war move gal
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bot
remove gas
build Fleet kie
build Army lvp
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Army tri
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move con
ank move con
apu hold
bel move eng
ber move mun
bud move gal
bul move con
bur move pic
den move swe
edi move lon via convoy
eng move nth
gal support ukr move rum
kie move bal
lvp move edi
mar hold
nap move ion
nth convoy edi move lon
nwy support eng move nth
par move bre
por move mid
rom move nap
rum support bud move gal
ser support rum
sev support ukr move rum
smy support ank move con
spa/sc hold
stp/nc move bar
tri move vie
ukr move rum
ven hold
vie move boh
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move lon
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move bla
apu move ven
bal support den
bar move nrg
boh support bud move gal
bre move gas
bud move gal
bul support con
den hold
edi move lvp
eng support lon
gal support sev move rum
ion move eas
lon support eng
lvp support nth move edi
mid hold
mar move pie
nap move ion
nth move edi
nwy support swe
par move bre
pic support par move bre
rum support bud move gal
ser support rum
sev move rum
smy support con
spa/sc move mar
ukr support gal
ven move tyr
vie move tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Germany: army/dislodged edi
England: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
edi move yor
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
remove gas
build Army kie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
bal convoy kie move lvn
bla support ukr move rum
boh move sil
bre move wal via convoy
bud support tri move vie
bul support rum
den move swe
eas move ion
edi move yor
eng convoy bre move wal
gal support ukr move rum
gre hold
ion move alb
kie move lvn via convoy
lon support yor
lvp support edi move yor
mid hold
mar hold
nrg move nth
nwy support swe
pic move bel
pie support tyr
ser support rum
sev support ukr move rum
tri move vie
tyr support ven move tri
ukr move rum
ven move tri
yor hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
alb support tri
bal move ber
bel move hol
bla support smy move con
bud support ser move tri
bul support gre
edi support lvp move yor
eng move bel
gal move war
gre support bul
ion support alb
lon move nth
lvn move stp
lvp move yor
mid move bre
mar move spa/sc
nth move den
nwy support swe
pie move tyr
ser move tri
sev support rum
sil move war
smy move con
swe support nth move den
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
vie support ser move tri
wal support yor move lvp
yor move lvp
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army/dislodged den
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
den move kie
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
remove hol
build Army mos
build Army nap
remove sil
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
alb move adr
bel move eng
ber move bal
bla convoy sev move bul
bud move tri
bul move gre
con support sev move bul
den support edi move nth
edi move nth
gal support rum
gre move aeg
ion convoy nap move alb
kie move den
mos move stp
mun move tyr
nap move alb via convoy
nth support yor
pie move mar
rum support sev move bul
ser support bud move tri
sev move bul via convoy
spa/sc move mid
stp move nwy
swe support den
tri support ven move tyr
tyr move boh
ven move tyr
vie support bud move tri
wal move lvp
war support gal
yor support wal move lvp
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
England: army/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
lvp move cly
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move smy
alb move ser
bal support kie move den
bla move con
boh move vie
bul support ion move gre
cly support edi
con move smy
den support nwy move nth
eng support nth
gal support boh move vie
gre move alb
ion move gre
kie move den
lvp support yor move edi
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun move boh
nth support yor move edi
nwy move nth
rum support bul
ser support vie move bud
stp move nwy
tri support vie move bud
ven move tri
vie move bud
war move lvn
yor move edi
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
England: army cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
den move hel
tri move tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
England: army cly
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
remove aeg
remove cly
remove edi
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
build Army nap
build Army rom
remove ser
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb move ser
bal move swe
bla move con
boh move mun
bre move eng
bud support tyr move vie
bul move rum
bur move mun
con move bul
den support bal move swe
eng move bre
gal support rum move bud
gre hold
hel move hol
kie support den
lvn support mos move stp
lvp move edi
mid support bre move eng
mos move stp
mun move bur
nap move rom
nth convoy yor move hol
nwy support swe
rom move ven
rum move bud
stp move nwy
tri support ven move tyr
tyr move vie
ven move tyr
vie move boh
war support gal
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Germany: fleet/dislodged eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Germany: army/dislodged stp
Germany: supply stp
England: army/dislodged swe
Germany: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
eng move lon
stp move fin
swe move fin
tyr disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
boh support mun
bud support rum move ser
bul support rum move ser
bur support tyr move mun
con move aeg
den move kie
eng move bel
gal support bud
hel move hol
kie move hel
lon support nth
lvn move pru
mid support eng
nth convoy yor move bel
rom move tus
rum move ser
ser hold
stp support nwy
swe move nwy
tri support ser
tyr move mun
ven move tyr
vie move boh
war move sil
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Italy: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
mun move ruh
ser move alb
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Fleet sev
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support ser move gre
alb support tri move ser
boh move mun
bul support ser move gre
bur support mun
edi move hol via convoy
eng move bel
gal support bud
gre support ion move aeg
hel support edi move hol
hol move bel
ion move aeg
kie support boh move mun
lon support nth
mid move eng
mos move ukr
mun move boh
nth convoy edi move hol
pru support sil move ber
ruh move bel
ser move gre
sev move bla
sil move ber
stp support nwy
swe move nwy
tri move ser
tus move pie
tyr support vie
ven move tri
vie move bud
war move sil
yor support lon
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move gre
ber support sil move mun
bla move con
bud support bul move ser
bul move ser
bur move par
eng hold
gal support bud
gre support bul move ser
hel support kie
hol support ruh
ion support alb move gre
kie support mun
lon move eng
mid move iri
nth support swe move nwy
pie move mar
pru support ber
ruh support mun
ser support alb move gre
sil move mun
stp support nwy
swe move nwy
tri support ser
tyr support vie
ukr move rum
vie move bud
yor hold
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move eas
alb support ser
ber support war move sil
bud move ser
bul support bud move ser
con move smy
eng support iri move wal
gal support sil move boh
gre support bud move ser
hel support nth
hol move bel
ion move gre
iri move wal
lon move eng
mar move bur
mun support ruh move bur
nap move ion
nth support hol move bel
par move pic
pru support ber
ruh move bur
rum support bud move ser
ser hold
sil move boh
stp support nwy
swe move nwy
tri support ser
tyr support vie
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move sil
yor move lvp
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ion move gre
bel move pic
ber move mun
boh support gal move vie
bud support gal move vie
bul support gre move ser
bur move par
eas move ion
eng support wal move lon
gal move vie
gre move ser
hel support kie
ion move gre
kie move ber
lon support nth move eng
lvp move wal
mar move gas
mun support boh move tyr
nap move ion
nth move eng
nwy hold
pic move par
pie move mar
pru move ber
rum support gre move ser
ser support ion move gre
sil support ber move mun
smy move aeg
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri support ser
tyr support vie
vie move bud
wal move lon
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ruh
nwy move nrg
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove hel
build Army mos
remove nrg
build Fleet rom
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army war
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Italy: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
alb support gre
bel support ruh
boh support mun move tyr
bud move tri
bul move gre
bur move mun
eas move ion
eng move mid
gas move mar
gre support nap move ion
kie support bur move mun
mar move pie
mos move stp
nap move ion
nth support swe move nwy
nwy move swe
pic move bre
pru move ber
rom move tys
ruh support bur move mun
rum move bud
ser support bud move tri
sil support pru move ber
stp/sc move bot
swe move nwy
tri move ven
tyr support bur move mun
vie support bud move tri
wal move iri
war move pru
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move fin
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
alb move ser
bel move hol
ber support sil move mun
boh move tyr
bot support fin move swe
bud support tri
bul move gre
eas move ion
fin move swe
gre move ion
iri move nat
kie move ber
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mid move wes
mar move bur
mun support tyr
nap support gre move ion
nth move den
nwy move swe
pie support tyr
pru support ber
ruh support mun
ser support bul move gre
sil move mun
stp move fin
tri support boh move tyr
tyr support mun
tys support gre move ion
ven support tyr
vie support tri
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: army bre
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
remove alb
remove bre
build Army stp
build Army war
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
ber move mun
boh support ber move mun
bot move bal
bud support tri
bur support mun
den move swe
eas move ion
fin support swe move nwy
gre support ser move alb
hol support kie
ion hold
kie support mun
mun support tyr
nat move nrg
nap move apu
nth support nwy
nwy support den move swe
pie support tyr
pru move ber
ruh support mun
ser move alb
sil support ber move mun
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri support vie move tyr
tyr move boh
tys support ion
ven support tyr
vie move tyr
war move lvn
wes move tun
yor hold
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Germany: fleet/dislodged nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
nwy move bar
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb support tri
apu support ven
bal move kie
bar support swe move nwy
ber support tyr move mun
boh support tyr move mun
bud move vie
bur support mun
eas move ion
fin support nwy move swe
gre support alb
hol support kie
ion move adr
kie support mun
lvn support stp
mun support pie move tyr
nth convoy yor move den
nrg support swe move nwy
nwy move swe
pie move tyr
pru support ber
ruh support mun
sil support tyr move mun
stp support fin
swe move nwy
tri support bud move vie
tun move ion
tyr move mun
tys support tun move ion
ven support pie move tyr
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Army rom
build Army war
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg support eas move ion
alb support tri
apu support tun move ion
bal support mun move kie
bar support nwy
ber support mun move kie
boh move tyr
bur support ruh move mun
den move swe
eas move ion
fin move swe
gre support alb
hol support kie
kie support ruh move mun
lvn support mos move stp
mos move stp
mun move kie
nth move den
nrg support nwy
nwy support den move swe
pru support ber
rom move tus
ruh move mun
stp move nwy
tri support boh move tyr
tun move ion
tyr support ruh move mun
tys support tun move ion
ven support tyr
vie support boh move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move ruh
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg support eas move ion
alb support tri
apu support ion
bal convoy lvn move swe
bar support nwy
ber move mun
boh support ber move mun
bur support mun
den move swe
eas move ion
fin support lvn move swe
gal move bud
gre support alb
hol support mun move kie
ion hold
kie move den
lvn move swe via convoy
mos move stp
mun move kie
nth move den
nrg support nwy
nwy support den move swe
pru move ber
ruh support mun move kie
sil support ber move mun
stp move nwy
tus move pie
tyr support mun
tys move nap
ven support tyr
vie support tri
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army war
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg support eas move ion
alb support tri
apu support ven
bal move den
ber support mun
boh support mun
bud support tri
bur support ruh move mun
eas move ion
fin support swe
gre support alb
ion hold
mos support stp
mun support ber
nap support ion
nrg support nwy
pie support tyr
sil support mun
stp support fin
swe support bal move den
tri support vie
tyr support ruh move mun
ven support tyr
vie support tri
war move pru
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg support eas move ion
alb support tri
apu move nap
ber support mun
boh support mun
bud support tri
bur move mun
den move kie
eas move ion
fin move nwy
gre support alb
ion move tun
mos support stp
mun support den move kie
nap move tys
nrg support nwy
pie support tyr
sil support mun
stp support fin move nwy
swe support fin move nwy
tyr support bur move mun
ven support tyr
vie support tri
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Germany: fleet/dislodged nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
