PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
bot move swe
bre move eng
bul move gre
con move smy
hol hold
kie move den
lon move nth
nth move nwy
pic move bel
pie move tyr
ruh move bur
ser support ukr move rum
sev support ukr move rum
spa move mar
tys move tun
ukr move rum
ven hold
vie move bud
war move gal
yor move wal
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army tri
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move con
bre move mid
bud hold
bul move gre
bur move mun
con move aeg
den hold
eng support hol move nth
gal support rum
hol move nth
kie move hel
lon move eng
mar move spa
mos support sev
mun move boh
nap move ion
nth support lon move eng
nwy move ska
rum support gal
ser support alb move gre
sev support rum
smy hold
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tun move wes
tyr move ven
ven move apu
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
apu move gre via convoy
boh support mun move tyr
bud hold
bul move gre
con move bul
den hold
eng support hel move nth
gal move bud
gre hold
hel move nth
hol support hel move nth
ion convoy apu move gre
lon support nth move eng
mid move por
mos move lvn
mun move tyr
nth move eng
nwy support swe
rum move ser
ser support gre
sev move bla
ska move nth
smy move con
swe support nwy
tri support bud
ven move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
eng move iri
gre move alb
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet mar
remove ska
build Fleet smy
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move tri
apu move ven
bla support rum
boh move vie
bre move eng
bud support tri move vie
bul move ser
con move bul
den hold
eng move mid
gal support war move sil
gre support bul move ser
hol move nth
ion move adr
iri move wal
lon move eng
lvn move pru
mar move gol
nth move edi
nwy move nth
por move mid
rum support bul move ser
ser support bud
smy move eas
swe move den
tri move vie
tyr support boh move vie
ven move tri
wal move lvp
war move sil
wes move gol
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move tri
alb move gre
apu move nap
bla move rum
boh support tyr move mun
bre move eng
bud move ser
bul support ser
den hold
eas move ion
edi hold
eng support lvp move wal
gal support rum move bud
gre support ser
hol move kie
ion move tun
lon support nwy move nth
lvp move wal
mar move gol
nwy move nth
por move mid
pru move ber
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sil move mun
swe move den
tri support bud move ser
tyr move mun
ven support adr move tri
wal support bre move eng
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Italy: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move vie
tri move tyr
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
remove lvp
build Fleet rom
build Army sev
build Fleet stp/nc
remove tyr
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: fleet tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel hold
ber move kie
boh move sil
bre support mid move eng
bud support sev move rum
den hold
edi move nth
eng move pic
gal move boh
kie move ber
lon move eng
gol move tys
mid move eng
mun support kie move ber
nth move den
rom move tys
rum move bla
sev move rum
sil move mun
stp/nc move nwy
swe support nth move den
tri move alb
ven move tri
vie hold
wal move lvp
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ion
bel move pic
ber move kie
bla move con
boh move sil
bud support vie move tri
den move kie
eng support nth move lon
gal move boh
kie move den
lon move eng
gol move spa/sc
mun move ber
nth move lon
nwy move nth
pic support lon move eng
rom move tys
rum support bud
sil move mun
spa move gas
swe move den
tri move ser
tun support alb move ion
vie move tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lon disband
tri move alb
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mar
remove pic
build Fleet stp/nc
remove tun
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
ber move kie
boh move sil
bre move pic
bud support rum move ser
con move aeg
den support ber move kie
eng support lon move nth
gal move boh
gas move bur
ion move adr
kie move ber
lon move nth
lvp move cly
mar move pie
mun support kie move ber
nap move rom
nth move hol
rum move ser
sil move ber
spa/sc move mid
stp/nc move nwy
swe move bal
tri move alb
tys move ion
vie support gal move boh
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Germany: army/dislodged boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
boh move tyr
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg support gre
alb move gre
bal support ber move kie
ber move kie
boh move mun
bud support tri
bur support mun
cly move nrg
den support ber move kie
eng move nth
hol support ber move kie
ion support alb move gre
kie move hol
mid move nat
mun hold
nth support kie move hol
nwy move nrg
pic move bel
pie support rom move ven
rom move ven
ruh support kie move hol
ser support tri
sil move ber
tri hold
tyr support mun
vie move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Russia: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol move hel
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army war
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg support gre
alb support ion move gre
bal support hel move kie
bel support hol
ber move mun
boh support ber move mun
bud support tri
bur support mun
cly move nrg
den move ska
eng move nth
hel move kie
hol support ruh move kie
ion move gre
kie move hol
mun hold
nat support cly move nrg
nth move ska
nwy move nth
pie support tyr
ruh move kie
ser support tri
sil support boh
stp/nc move bar
tri hold
tyr support mun
ven support adr move tri
vie support tri
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
aeg support gre
alb support ion move gre
bal support hel move kie
bar move nrg
bel support hol
ber support kie move mun
boh support kie move mun
bud support tri
bur support mun
den move nth
eng support nth
gal support bud
hel move kie
hol support nth
ion move gre
kie move mun
mun hold
nat move nrg
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy support bar move nrg
ruh move kie
ser support tri
sil support kie move mun
tri support vie move tyr
tyr support mun
ven support pie move tyr
vie move tyr
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
France: fleet/dislodged nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nrg move cly
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet sev
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tyr move tri
aeg support gre
alb support tyr move tri
bal support ber move kie
bel move hol
ber move kie
boh support mun
bud support vie move tri
bur support mun
cly move nrg
den support kie move hel
eng move bel
gal support bud
hol move hel
ion support gre
kie move hel
mun support ber move kie
nat support cly move nrg
nth support hol move hel
nrg move nth
nwy support nrg move nth
pie move tyr
ruh support bel move hol
ser support tri move alb
sev move bla
sil support mun
tri move alb
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move ska
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg move ion
alb move tri
bal move swe
bla move ank
boh move mun
bud support alb move tri
den move ska
gal move rum
hel support kie
ion support adr move alb
kie support boh move mun
mun move tyr
nth move nrg
nwy support den move ska
ser support alb move tri
sil support boh move mun
ska move nwy
tri move vie
ven support tri
vie support alb move tri
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army rom
build Army war
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move ion
ank move con
boh support mun
bud support tri
hel support kie
ion move tys
kie support mun
mun support vie move tyr
nth move lon
nwy support ska move nth
rom move ven
rum support war move gal
ser support bud
sil support mun
ska move nth
swe move den
tri hold
ven move pie
vie move tyr
war move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
France: fleet hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
boh move mun
con move smy
den move kie
hel support kie move hol
kie move hol
mun move ruh
nth move bel
pie support ven
rum support aeg move bul
sil support boh move mun
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
tys move gol
ven hold
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army/dislodged bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Russia: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet kie
Russia: supply kie
Russia: fleet lon
Russia: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
