PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move pic
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move tus
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul move ser
bur move mun
eng move bel
gal move rum
ion move tun
kie move den
nth move nwy
pic support eng move bel
ruh support hol
sev hold
tus move ven
ukr support sev
ven move tri
vie move bud
yor move lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Army lvp
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel hold
bla support arm move sev
bud move ser
bul move gre
con move bul
edi move nth
hol support pic move bel
kie move ber
mar move gol
mun move ber
nap move ion
nwy hold
par move bur
pic move eng
rom move tys
ruh move mun
rum hold
sev hold
spa move por
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move ser
ukr support sev
ven move tri
vie hold
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move ska
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm support bla move sev
bel move hol
bla move sev
bud move ser
bul move ser
bur move ruh
den move swe
eng support bel
gal move bud
gre support bul move ser
hol move nth
ion move aeg
kie move ber
lon hold
lvp hold
mun support bur move ruh
nth move nwy
nwy move swe
ruh support hol
rum support gal move bud
sev hold
ska move swe
stp move nwy
tun move wes
ukr support sev
ven support tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Germany: army/dislodged ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ruh move kie
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
remove lvp
build Army mos
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm hold
bel move hol
ber move mun
bla support con move bul
bud support rum move ser
con move bul
den move swe
gre support ser
hol support kie
kie support ber move mun
lon move bel
gol support por move spa
mos support sev
mun support ruh move kie
nth support bel move hol
nwy move swe
par move bur
por move spa
ruh move kie
rum move ser
ser hold
sev hold
ska move swe
smy hold
stp move nwy
tys move ion
ukr move rum
vie move tri
war move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol move hel
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion move gre
arm hold
ber move mun
bla move con
bud move ser
bul move rum
bur move bel
den move swe
eng move iri
gal move vie
gre support ser
hel move den
hol hold
ion move gre
kie support ber move mun
lon hold
mos support sev
mun support ruh move kie
nth support hol
nwy move swe
ruh move kie
rum support bud move ser
ser support bul move rum
sev hold
ska move swe
smy move aeg
spa move mar
stp move nwy
ukr support rum
vie move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove ber
build Fleet bre
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion move gre
arm hold
bel move hol
bre move eng
bud move ser
bul move rum
con support smy move aeg
den support hel move kie
gal move bud
gre move bul
hel move kie
hol move bel
ion move gre
iri move lvp
kie move ber
lon move yor
mos move sev
nth support hol move bel
nwy move swe
ruh support bel move hol
rum support bud move ser
ser support bul move rum
sev move bla
ska move swe
smy move aeg
stp move nwy
ukr support mos move sev
vie move tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet/dislodged aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy gre move con
arm move ank
bel support ruh move hol
ber move kie
bla convoy sev move ank
bud support gal move vie
bul move rum
con move bla
den move swe
eng move nth
gal move vie
hol support nth move bel
kie move bal
mar move bur
nth move bel
nwy move swe
ruh move hol
rum move ser
ser support bul move rum
sev move ank
ska move swe
stp move nwy
tri support bud move ser
ukr move sev
vie move tri
yor move lvp
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
rum move gal
vie move boh
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
remove boh
build Fleet bre
build Fleet nap
remove ska
build Army smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg hold
ank move bla
arm move sev
bal move swe
bel support ruh move hol
bla support sev move arm
bre move eng
bud support ukr move rum
bur move mun
con support ank move bla
den support bal move swe
eng move wal
gal support ukr move rum
gre hold
hol support nth move bel
ion move alb
kie move ber
mun move ber
nth move bel
nwy move swe
ruh move hol
rum support arm move sev
ser hold
sev move arm
stp move nwy
tys move ion
ukr move rum
ven support tri
yor move lvp
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet/dislodged bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bla move bul/ec
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul/ec
alb move gre
arm move sev
bel support ruh move hol
bla support arm move sev
bud move ser
con move bul/ec
den move swe
eng support wal move lon
gal move sil
gre support ser
hol move bel
ion support alb move gre
mun move kie
nth move lon
nwy hold
ruh move hol
rum support bud move ser
ser hold
sev support rum
stp move fin
swe move ska
tri support bud move ser
ven hold
wal move lon
yor support nth move lon
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
England: fleet/dislodged hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: army/dislodged ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
hol move hel
sev move ukr
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
remove hel
build Army mar
build Fleet rom
build Army stp
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul/ec
ber move mun
bla convoy con move rum
bul/ec hold
bur move ruh
eng support wal move lon
fin support nwy move swe
gre support ion move aeg
hol move kie
ion move aeg
kie support ber move mun
nap move tys
nth move nrg
nwy move swe
rum support ukr move sev
ser move bul
sev support con move rum
ska support swe
stp move nwy
tri move bud
ukr move sev
ven move tri
wal move lon
yor move lvp
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
bel move hol
ber move mun
bla convoy con move sev
bul/ec hold
bud move tri
eng move nth
fin support nwy move swe
gre support aeg move bul/ec
hol move kie
kie support ber move mun
lon support eng move nth
gol move wes
mar move pie
mun support hol move kie
nrg move nat
nwy move swe
ruh support hol move kie
rum support aeg move bul/ec
ser support aeg move bul/sc
sev hold
ska support swe
stp move nwy
tri move alb
tys move ion
yor move lon
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
kie move den
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
build Army par
remove ska
build Army smy
build Army ven
build Army war
remove yor
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move pru
bla convoy con move sev
den support swe
fin support nwy move swe
ion move tun
kie support mun move ber
mar move gol
mun move ber
nat move mid
nth move edi
nwy move swe
par move bur
rom move tys
ruh move mun
rum move sev
ser move rum
sev move arm
smy move con
stp move nwy
swe support den
vie move bud
war move pru
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move ank
ber move sil
bla support smy move arm
bur move ruh
con move ank
den support swe
fin support nwy move swe
gre move aeg
hol move kie
kie move ber
lon move nth
lvp move cly
mid move bre
mun support ber move sil
nwy move swe
sev move arm
smy move arm
stp move nwy
swe support den
war hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: army/dislodged arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Russia: army/dislodged sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
sil move pru
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army par
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
arm move sev
ber support sil
bla support arm move sev
bre move eng
bud move vie
cly move nrg
con hold
den support swe
edi move nth
fin support nwy move swe
kie support ber
gol move tus
mar move gol
mos move sev
mun move boh
nth move eng
nwy move swe
ruh move mun
sev move arm
stp move nwy
swe support den
wes support mar move gol
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev move ukr
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bla move con
boh move gal
bre move eng
con move smy
den support swe
edi move yor
fin support nwy move swe
kie support nth move den
gol move tys
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nwy move swe
pie move ven
pru hold
rum support mos move sev
sev hold
stp move nwy
swe support den
tus support gol move tys
tys move tus
ukr support mos move sev
ven support tys move tus
vie move boh
war support pru
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
tys move ion
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: fleet yor
ORDERS
ber move pru
bla support con move bul
boh move vie
bul/sc support smy move con
con move bul
den support swe
eng move lon
gal move bud
ion move tys
nth support yor move lon
pie move ven
pru hold
rum move bud
sil move mun
smy move con
stp move mos
swe support den
tri move ven
tun support ion move tys
tus move rom
tyr support pie move ven
tys move nap
ukr move rum
ven move rom
war hold
wes move tun
yor move lon
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet/dislodged bul/sc
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul/sc move aeg
ven move apu
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
France: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bla move con
bul support bla move con
den support swe
eng move iri
fin move swe
gal move bud
mos move sev
mun support tyr
nap support tus move tys
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy support fin move swe
rum move bud
sev move arm
swe support den
tus move tys
tyr move tri
ukr move rum
ven support tyr move tri
war hold
wes support tus move tys
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Italy: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move stp/nc
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
France: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove fin
build Army mar
build Army par
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: army arm
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move smy
apu move rom
arm move ank
con move aeg
den support swe
gal move vie
iri move mid
lon move wal
mar move pie
mun move tyr
nth move ska
par move bre
rum move ser
sev move rum
swe support den
tri support gal move vie
tys move tun
ukr move gal
war support ukr move gal
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
vie move boh
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul
boh move vie
bul hold
den support swe
gal move bud
ion move nap
kie move den
mid move por
nap move rom
nwy move swe
pie move ven
pru support war move sil
rom support ion move nap
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
ska support nwy move swe
smy move ank
swe support den
tri move bud
tun move ion
tyr move mun
ven move tri
vie support tri move bud
war move sil
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
France: fleet/dislodged nap
France: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army/dislodged swe
France: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move fin
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove fin
build Fleet mar
build Army par
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul
ank move con
ber support mun
boh move mun
bre move gas
bul hold
den move kie
gal move bud
ion move tun
kie support ber
mar move spa/sc
mun support ber
par move bur
pie move ven
por move spa/sc
pru support sil move ber
rum support gal move bud
sil move ber
ska support swe move den
smy move ank
spa/sc move mid
stp/nc move nwy
swe move den
tri support vie
ven move tyr
vie hold
wal move iri
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber hold
boh move vie
bud support boh move vie
bur move ruh
con support rum move bul
gas move mar
iri move nat
kie support mun move ber
mid support mar move spa/sc
mar move spa/sc
mun move ber
nwy hold
por move spa/sc
pru support ber
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
ska move swe
tyr move boh
ven support tri
vie support tyr move boh
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
France: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
France: army/dislodged vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
vie move tyr
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army mos
build Army par
build Fleet sev
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army war
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ank move con
ank move con
ber hold
boh move vie
bre move pic
bud support vie
bul move ser
den move ska
mid support spa/sc move por
mar move pie
mun move sil
par move bur
por move mid
pru move sil
ruh move mun
ser move alb
sev move bla
spa/sc move por
stp/sc move bot
swe support den move ska
tri move bud
tyr support boh move vie
ven support tri
vie hold
war move gal
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Russia: army/dislodged con
Russia: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move smy
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Russia: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb move gre
ber support pru move sil
bla move ank
bot move swe
bud support gal move vie
bur move ruh
con support aeg move smy
gal move vie
mid move eng
mos move ukr
mun move boh
nat move nrg
nwy support bot move swe
pic move bur
pie move tus
pru move sil
ruh move mun
ser support alb move gre
ska move nwy
swe support ska move nwy
tun move tys
tyr support vie
ven support tri
vie support tri
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Russia: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Italy: army/dislodged gre
Italy: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Russia: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
smy move syr
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
France: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
France: supply hol
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
France: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet swe
France: supply swe
Russia: army syr
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
France: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
