PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move sil
bre hold
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move pie
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move nap
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move tyr
war move lvn
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move sev
bla move rum
bot move bal
bre move pic
bul hold
den hold
edi move nwy
ion move tun
lvn move swe
nap hold
nth move hol
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic move bel via convoy
pie move ven
ruh move bel
ser support alb move gre
sev hold
sil move mun
ukr move sev
ven support vie move tyr
vie move tyr
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal move swe
bre hold
bud move rum
bul move ser
con move bul
den move nth
edi move nth
gre move aeg
hol support pic move bel
kie move hol
lon support edi move nth
lvn move mos
mun move bur
nap move rom
nrg move nwy
nwy move fin
pic move bel
pie move mar
rom move tus
ruh move bel
rum move bla
ser move bul
sev move bla
smy move aeg
tun move wes
tyr support ven move pie
ukr support bud move rum
ven move pie
vie support bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bul move rum
bur move par
con move bul
den move nth
fin support nwy move swe
gre support rum move bul
hol move bel
kie move hol
lon move nth
mos move stp
nth move hel
nwy move swe
pic move par
pie move mar
rom move ven
ruh move bel
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev hold
smy move aeg
swe hold
tus move gol
tyr move boh
ukr move rum
vie move gal
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move bot
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move smy
boh move mun
bot support stp
bul move con
bur move par
den hold
edi move nth
fin move nwy
gal move war
gre move aeg
hel move den
hol move kie
kie move hol
lon support edi move nth
gol move spa/sc
mos move lvn
nap move ion
pie move mar
ruh move hol
rum move sev
ser move tri
sev move bla
spa/sc move por
stp hold
swe support hel move den
tri move adr
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move bal
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg move con
bal move ber
bla support bul move con
bot support bal move swe
bul move con
con move ank
den support swe
gre move aeg
hol move bel
ion support gre move aeg
lon move eng
lvn move stp
mun move bur
nth support hol move bel
nwy support swe
par hold
pie support spa/sc move mar
por hold
ruh move bel
sev move arm
smy hold
spa/sc move mar
stp move fin
swe support den
ven hold
war move pru
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army/dislodged mar
Italy: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
remove smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move smy
alb move gre
ank hold
arm move ank
bel move hol
ber move kie
bla support arm move ank
bot support fin move swe
bur support ruh move bel
con move smy
den move swe
eas move smy
edi move nrg
eng move mid
fin move swe
ion move eas
kie move hol
lvp move iri
mar move spa/sc
nap move ion
nth support nwy
nwy hold
par move pic
pie move mar
por move mid
pru move lvn
rom hold
ruh move bel
stp move nwy
swe move bal
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Turkey: army/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move ser
ank hold
bal move kie
bel move hol
ber move bal
bla hold
bot move bal
bur move gas
den support bal move kie
eas move smy
eng support iri move mid
gre move alb
ion move eas
iri move mid
kie move den
lvn move pru
mar move gas
nap move tys
nth move hol
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
pic move bel
por support spa/sc move mid
spa/sc move mid
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move tyr
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: army/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie move hel
nwy disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Fleet stp/sc
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support gre move ion
bel move bre
ber move kie
bot move bal
bur move mar
gre move ion
hel move den
mos move ukr
pic move bre
pru move sil
ser move gre
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri support tyr move ven
tyr move ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move ion
bal support ber move kie
bel move hol
ber move kie
bot move swe
bur move mar
eng support iri move mid
hel move den
ion move tun
iri move mid
kie support nth move hol
mar move pie
nth move hol
nrg move nth
pic move bel
rom move nap
sil move boh
spa/sc move mar
swe move fin
tri move adr
tys move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army rom
build Army tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
bal move den
bel move hol
ber move kie
bla hold
boh move tyr
bur move mar
eng move bre
gre move apu via convoy
hel move den
ion convoy gre move apu
kie move den
mid support eng move bre
nth support den
nrg move bar
nwy hold
pic move bre
swe support bal move den
tri move ven
ukr hold
ven move tus
war hold
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu support ion move nap
bal move den
bar move nwy
bre support mid
den hold
fin move swe
hel move nth
hol hold
ion move nap
kie move den
nth support bar move nwy
pic move bel
swe move ska
tus move rom
tyr move pie
ven support tus move rom
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army mun
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
alb move ion
apu move rom
bal support ska move den
bel move pic
ber hold
bud move ser
hel move den
kie move den
mar hold
mun hold
nap support alb move ion
rom move tus
ska move den
tri move adr
tyr support ven move pie
ven move pie
vie move bud
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb move gre
bal move den
den move nth
hel move nth
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
mar move gas
mun move bur
nap move tys
nwy move stp
pic move bre
pie move mar
rom move apu
swe move nwy
tus move pie
tyr move vie
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Army tri
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move den
bur move par
den move nth
gas move spa
gre move bul/sc
hel move hol
ion support nap move tys
kie move hel
mar support gas move spa
nap move tys
pic move bre
ser move gre
spa/sc move por
tri move ser
tun move wes
tys move rom
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move rom
bal move den
ber hold
den move ska
hel hold
hol move nth
ion move nap
mar support wes move spa
mos move sev
par move bre
pic move bre
pie move tus
spa move gas
tys support apu move rom
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army tri
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move nth
gas support par move bre
hel move nth
hol move nth
nap move ion
par move bre
pic move par
rom hold
ska support den move nth
tri move tyr
tus move pie
tys move wes
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
England: fleet/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move aeg
por hold
spa/sc support wes move mid
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move lon via convoy
ber move mun
hel move den
hol move nth
mid support spa/sc move por
mar move spa
spa/sc move por
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den hold
hol move nth
mid move iri
por move mid
spa move por
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: army por
Austria: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet kie
remove stp
build Army tri
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: army por
Austria: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg convoy gre move smy
ber move bal
bre hold
den move nth
gre move smy via convoy
hol move nth
iri move lvp
kie move den
mid move eng
mun hold
nth convoy nwy move edi
nwy move edi
par hold
pie move mar
por move spa
rom move tus
tri move tyr
tyr move pie
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move swe
bre hold
bud hold
den hold
eng move lon
hol move nth
kie move ber
mun hold
nth move lon
par hold
ska move nth
ukr move rum
vie move boh
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: fleet lvp
Austria: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Army vie
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: fleet lvp
Austria: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
bel hold
ber move bal
bla support ank move con
bre move gas
den hold
eng support nth move lon
hol hold
kie move mun
mun hold
nth move nrg
par move gas
rum hold
sev move ukr
ska move swe
swe move bot
war hold
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: fleet lvp
Austria: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
bal move ber
boh support vie move gal
bre hold
bud support vie move gal
con move smy
eng move lon
hol move nth
mar move bur
mun hold
nrg move bar
par hold
pie move mar
smy move arm
tus move ven
vie move gal
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Austria: fleet lon
Austria: supply lon
Austria: fleet lvp
Austria: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove nth
build Army sev
build Army vie
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Austria: fleet lon
Austria: supply lon
Austria: fleet lvp
Austria: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm support smy
ber hold
bre hold
bur support gas
den hold
gas support bur
kie hold
mar support bur
mun hold
nrg move nwy
par hold
spa support gas
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Russia: army edi
Russia: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Austria: fleet lon
Austria: supply lon
Austria: fleet lvp
Austria: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
