PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber hold
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun hold
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move nap
sev move rum
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move tri
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ber hold
bot move swe
con move aeg
den hold
edi move hol
ion move tun
mid move por
mun hold
nap move apu
nth convoy edi move hol
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
smy move con
tri move bud
ukr move gal
ven hold
war hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Army lon
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu support ven
bel move ruh
ber move pru
bre move mid
bud support vie
bul hold
con support bul
den move ska
edi move nth
gal hold
gre move aeg
hol support bel move ruh
kie move mun
mar move bur
mos move lvn
mun move sil
nap move ion
nth move hel
nwy support edi move nth
par support mar move bur
rum move bla
ser support gre
sev move rum
smy move aeg
spa move mar
tri move alb
tun support nap move ion
ven hold
vie support bud
war support gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy move eas
alb move ser
apu move rom
bla support rum
bud support vie
bul hold
bur move mun
con support bul
gal support war move sil
gre support ser move bul
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
ion move eas
lon move den
lvn move pru
mid move wes
mar move pie
nth convoy lon move den
par move bur
por move spa/sc
pru support sil move war
ruh support bur move mun
rum hold
ser move bul
sil move war
ska move den
smy move eas
swe support lon move den
tun move ion
ven hold
vie support bud
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun move tyr
sil move ber
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove ber
build Fleet edi
build Army lvp
build Fleet mar
remove pru
remove tyr
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb support gre
bud support vie
bul hold
bur move mar
con support bul
den support kie
eas move ion
edi move nrg
gal move bud
gre support ser move bul
hel move nth
ion move tys
kie support mun move ber
lvn move war
lvp move edi
mar move gol
mun move ber
nth move nwy
nwy move bar
pie move ven
rom support ven move tus
ruh move mun
rum support gal move bud
ser move bul
sil move ber
ska hold
spa/sc move wes
tun support ion move tys
ven move tus
vie support bud
wes move naf
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support gre
bar convoy edi move stp
ber support mun
bud support ser move rum
bul support aeg move gre
con support bul
den move swe
edi move stp
ion support aeg move gre
kie move den
gol move tus
mar move pie
mun support ber
naf move tun
nth move ska
nrg convoy edi move stp
nwy support den move swe
rom support tus move ven
ser move rum
ska move den
tun move wes
tus move ven
tys support tun move wes
vie support bud
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
France: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
ven move tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army par
remove ska
build Fleet smy
remove ven
remove war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar convoy edi move stp
ber move sil
bla support gal move rum
bud move ser
bul support bla move rum
edi move stp
gal move rum
gre move ion
ion move adr
mar move gol
mun support ber move sil
nth move hel
nrg convoy edi move stp
nwy move nth
par move bur
pie support tri move ven
rom support tys move tus
sil move war
smy move aeg
spa/sc move wes
stp move mos
swe move den
tri move ven
tun support tus move tys
tus move tys
tys move tus
vie move tri
wes move mid
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move sev
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion move alb
aeg convoy con move gre
alb move gre
bar move nrg
bul hold
bur move gas
con move gre via convoy
hel move kie
ion move alb
kie move ber
lon move eng
gol support wes move tys
mid support tys move wes
mos support stp move lvn
mun move tyr
nth convoy den move bel
nrg move nat
pie support ven
rom hold
rum move ukr
ser move rum
sev hold
sil move war
stp move lvn
tri move bud
tun move ion
tus move rom
tys move wes
ven support pie
war move lvn
wes move tys
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army/dislodged alb
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
remove gol
remove tys
remove ukr
build Army vie
remove war
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tus
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg convoy con move gre
alb move ion
ber move mun
bla support bul move rum
bre move eng
bud support vie move tri
bul move rum
con move gre via convoy
den move bel
eng convoy lon move pic
gas move bur
ion move nap
kie move ber
lon move pic
lvn move war
lvp support nat move iri
mid move spa/sc
mos support lvn move war
nat move iri
nth convoy den move bel
nrg move nat
pie move tyr
rom move tus
rum support tri move ser
sev move arm
sil move ber
tri move ser
tus move rom
tyr move mun
ven support tus move rom
vie move tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army/dislodged rom
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rom move apu
rum move sev
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
England: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move bul/sc
apu hold
arm move ank
bel move bur
ber move mun
bla move ank
bud move rum
bur move par
eng support pic move bre
gre move ser
ion move tun
iri move mid
kie move ber
lvp move iri
mos support war
nat support iri move mid
nap support rom
nth move bel
pic move bre
pie move mar
rom support nap
rum hold
ser support tri
sev support bud move rum
tri hold
tyr move mun
ven move tyr
war support mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet/dislodged mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move gas
mid move por
rum move ukr
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove apu
remove bla
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Army lvp
remove tyr
remove ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
ank move smy
arm hold
bel support lon move pic
ber move mun
bre move par
bud move gal
bul/sc move con
bur support bre move par
edi move cly
eng convoy lon move pic
gas move mid
gre move bul
ion move gre
iri convoy lvp move bre
kie move ber
lon move pic
lvp move bre
mid convoy lvp move bre
mar move bur
mos support war
nat support mid
nap move ion
par support mar move bur
por hold
rom move tys
rum move ukr
ser hold
sev support ukr move mos
sil move mun
tri move vie
ukr move mos
war support mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
bel move nth
ber support bur move mun
bre move par
bul hold
bur move mun
cly move nrg
con move bla
eng move bre
gal move war
gas move bre
gre move ion
ion support tys move tun
iri convoy lvp move spa
kie move bal
lvp move spa
mid convoy lvp move spa
mar move bur
mos support war
nat support mid
par support gas
pic support bre move par
por support lvp move spa
rum support ser
ser support rum
sev support ukr move mos
sil move mun
smy hold
tun support gre move ion
tys move tun
ukr move mos
vie move gal
war support mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
England: army/dislodged mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
France: supply spa
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
mos move stp
spa/sc move mar
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army edi
remove ion
build Army lon
remove tys
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
France: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
ber move sil
bla support ank move arm
bul hold
bur move par
edi move den
eng convoy lon move bre
gal move boh
gre move ion
iri support mid
lon move bre
mid support spa move gas
mar support gas move spa
mos hold
mun support ber move sil
nat support mid
nth convoy edi move den
nrg move bar
par move bur
pic move bel
por move spa/sc
rum move gal
sev support mos
sil move pru
smy move syr
spa move gas
stp support war move mos
tun move wes
vie move tyr
war move mos
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Austria: army/dislodged arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
France: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: supply por
France: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move con via convoy
bal convoy den move ber
bel move bur
bla convoy arm move con
boh move sil
bre move pic
bul move gre
bur move mar
den move ber
eng move nth
gal move war
gas move mar
ion move tys
iri support nat move mid
mid move por
mar move pie
mos support gal move war
mun support sil move boh
nat move mid
nth move nrg
par support bel move bur
sil move boh
spa/sc support bur move mar
stp move mos
syr move smy
tyr support boh
war support stp move mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
Austria: army/dislodged boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet pie
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
France: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move vie
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: army pru
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move ber
bar move nrg
ber move sil
bla move con
boh move tyr
bud move vie
bur move mar
con move bul
gal move war
gas support mid move spa
iri move mid
mid move spa/sc
mar support pie
mos support gal move war
mun support boh move tyr
nth move eng
nrg move nat
par move bur
pic move bel
pie support mar
por support mid move spa
pru move lvn
ser move tri
sev move ukr
spa/sc move gol
stp move mos
tyr support vie move boh
tys move gol
vie move boh
war support stp move mos
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: fleet pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
England: army tyr
Austria: army/dislodged tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
tyr move ven
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: fleet pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
England: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move ruh
ber move bal
boh move sil
bur support spa/sc move mar
con move aeg
eng move mid
gal move war
gas support spa/sc move mar
lvn support mos move stp
mid move spa/sc
mar support wes move spa
mos support lvn move stp
mun support tyr move boh
nat support eng move mid
nrg move bar
par move pic
pie support mar
por support mid move spa
sil move gal
spa/sc move mar
stp support war move mos
tri support vie move tyr
tyr move boh
tys move gol
ukr support gal move war
ven support vie move tyr
vie move tyr
war move mos
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Turkey: army/dislodged mos
Turkey: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
England: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move sev
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
England: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gal
England: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Turkey: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: fleet mar
England: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
France: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Turkey: fleet wes
ORDERS
