PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven hold
vie move bud
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move alb
apu move gre via convoy
bla support con move bul
bot move swe
bud move rum
bul move gre
con move bul
eng move mid
hol support ruh move bel
ion convoy apu move gre
kie move den
mid move por
nth convoy yor move nwy
pic move bre
ruh move bel
spa hold
ukr support rum
ven hold
war move gal
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army mun
build Army par
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support apu move gre
apu move gre via convoy
ber move bal
bla move con
bre move pic
bud support vie move gal
bul move gre
con move bul
den hold
gal hold
ion convoy apu move gre
kie support den
lon move eng
mid move gas
mar move pie
nth hold
par move bur
por move mid
rum hold
ser support bud
sev support rum
smy move aeg
spa move gas
ukr support gal
ven move apu
vie move gal
war move sil
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move ion
apu move ven
bal convoy kie move swe
bel hold
bla move con
bud support ser
bul hold
bur move mun
con move smy
den support kie move swe
eng support mid move bre
gal support sil move boh
gre support ser
hol support bel
ion move tun
kie move swe via convoy
mid move bre
mun move bur
nth move nwy
nwy move stp
pic move bre
pie move ven
por move mid
rum support bul
ser support gre
sev support rum
sil move boh
spa move gas
ukr support gal
vie support bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
swe move bot
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bot
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet nap
remove pie
remove sev
build Army ven
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul
alb support gre
apu move rom
bal convoy swe move lvn
bel move ruh
ber move sil
boh move vie
bre move mid
bud support ser move rum
bul support ser move rum
bur hold
con move bla
den move swe
eng support bre move mid
gal support boh move vie
gas move bre
gre support ser
hol move bel
lon move nth
lvp move iri
mid move eng
mun move boh
nap move ion
nwy support lon move nth
pic support gas move bre
rum support bul
ser move rum
smy move arm
stp move mos
swe move lvn via convoy
tun support nap move ion
ukr move mos
ven move pie
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mid move por
rum move sev
vie move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support gre
arm support bul move sev
bal move den
bel move pic
bla convoy bul move sev
boh move mun
bre hold
bud support tri move vie
bul move sev via convoy
bur move mun
eng support mid move bre
gal move rum
gre hold
ion move eas
iri move mid
lvn move mos
mid move bre
nth move nwy
nwy move nrg
pic move bur
pie move tyr
por move mid
rom move ven
ruh move hol
rum support bud
sev support gal move rum
sil move war
stp support lvn move mos
swe support bal move den
tri move vie
tun move ion
ukr move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army/dislodged bre
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move par
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
remove gal
build Army mun
build Army tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
alb move gre
arm move smy
bel move pic
ber support mun
bla support sev
boh support mun
bre move gas
bud support vie move gal
bur move mun
con move bul
den move bal
eas support ion move aeg
eng move mid
gre move bul
hol move ruh
ion move aeg
iri support eng move mid
mos move sev
mun support boh
nrg move nat
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
por move mid
rum support gre move bul
sev hold
tri move vie
tyr support bur move mun
ven move pie
vie move gal
war move ukr
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
bal convoy swe move lvn
ber support mun
bla move rum
boh support mun
bre hold
bud support gal
bul support rum
bur move mar
con support smy
eas move smy
gal support rum move ukr
gas move spa/nc
gre support bul
iri move eng
mid support gas move spa
mos move war
mun support boh
par support bre
pic move bel
pie move mar
por move mid
ruh support pic move bel
rum move ukr
sev support bla move rum
smy support con
swe move lvn via convoy
tyr support vie move boh
ukr move mos
vie move boh
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
ank support con
bal move den
bel hold
ber support mun
boh move gal
bre move pic
bud support ukr move rum
bul move con
bur move mar
con support rum move bul
eas move smy
eng move bre
gal support vie move boh
gre support bul
lvn move war
mid move por
mos support war move ukr
mun hold
nat move mid
par move gas
pie support tyr
por hold
ruh move bur
rum move bul/ec
sev hold
smy support con
spa/nc support mid move por
tyr support vie move boh
ukr move rum
vie move boh
war move ukr
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Germany: army/dislodged boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army/dislodged bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
boh move sil
bul move ser
smy move arm
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support smy move con
ank support con
arm move smy
bel move pic
ber support mun
boh support tyr move mun
bud support rum
bul/ec support sev move rum
bur move par
con support arm move smy
den move hel
gal support rum
gas support mar move spa
gre support ser move bul
mid support bre
mar move spa
mos support ukr move sev
mun support sil
pic move bre
pie move mar
por support spa/nc
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move rum
sil support mun
smy move con
tyr move mun
ukr move sev
war support sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Italy: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
bul/ec move bla
sev move arm
smy move eas
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove ank
remove arm
remove gas
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
remove pic
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
bel move pic
ber move mun
bla support con
boh support tyr
bud support rum
bul move con
con support smy
eas move smy
gal support boh
gre move ion
hel move hol
kie support ber move mun
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mid move wes
mar move gas
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nwy move nth
par move gas
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
rum support bul
sev support mos move ukr
sil support ber move mun
smy support con
spa/nc move mid
tyr support boh move mun
vie support gal
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
smy move ank
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support smy
ank move smy
bla support ukr move rum
boh support gal
bre move mid
bud support rum
bul move con
bur support par move gas
con support ank move smy
eng convoy wal move naf
gal hold
ion move tun
kie support mun
mid convoy wal move naf
mar move gas
mun support sil
par move gas
pie support mar
rum support con move sev
sev support ukr move rum
sil support war move gal
smy support bul move con
spa/sc support bur move mar
tyr move mun
ukr move rum
vie support gal
wal move naf via convoy
war move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
rum move ser
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bla
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank support con
ber move sil
boh support tyr move mun
bud support ser move rum
bul support aeg move con
bur support gas move mar
con support ank
eng move mid
gal support ser move rum
gas move mar
hol move bel
kie support mun
mid move spa/sc
mun support ber move sil
naf move tun
pie support mar
ser move rum
sil move war
smy support aeg move con
spa/sc move wes
tun move wes
tyr move mun
tys support naf move tun
vie support gal
war move mos
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Germany: army/dislodged rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: army tun
Austria: fleet/dislodged tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
rum move ukr
tun move ion
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: army tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ank move smy
boh support tyr move mun
bre move pic
bud support rum
bul move con
bur move mun
con move bla
eng support bre move pic
gal move ukr
gas move mar
ion move tun
kie support bur move mun
mid move wes
mos move sev
mun move boh
nth support eng
rum support gal move ukr
sev move rum
sil support war move gal
smy support bul move con
tys move rom
ukr support war move gal
vie support gal
war move gal
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
build Army tri
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
ber support kie move mun
bla support rum
boh support vie move gal
bud support rum
bur support gas move mar
con move ank
eng convoy lon move bre
gal support mun move boh
gas move mar
ion move tys
kie move mun
lon move bre via convoy
lvp move iri
mos support sev
mun move boh
pie support mar
rom move nap
rum hold
sev support ukr move rum
sil support mun move boh
smy hold
spa/sc support gas move mar
tri move ser
tyr support boh
ukr move rum
vie move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: army tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move pru
bla support con move ank
boh support vie move gal
bre move par
bud support rum
bur support mun
con move ank
eng move bel
gal support sil move war
iri move eng
kie move ber
mar hold
mos support sev
mun hold
nap hold
nth move den
pic support eng move bel
pie support tyr
rum hold
ser support rum
sev support ukr
sil move war
smy hold
spa/sc move gol
tun move spa via convoy
tyr support boh
ukr support gal
vie move gal
wes convoy tun move spa
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Turkey: army/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
Germany: fleet/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel move hol
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
build Fleet edi
remove gal
build Army lon
build Army lvp
remove ukr
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel move nth
ber move kie
bla move con
boh support tyr move mun
bud move gal
bur move ruh
den move kie
edi move nrg
eng convoy lon move bre
hol move hel
ion move tys
lon move bre via convoy
gol move mar
mar move gas
mos support war move lvn
mun support ber move kie
par move bur
pic move bel
pie move tus
pru move ber
rum move ukr
ser move rum
sev move ukr
smy move aeg
spa support gol move mar
stp move lvn
tyr move ven
vie support bud move gal
war move lvn
wes move tun
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm support rum move sev
bel move hol
ber move pru
boh move gal
bre support spa move gas
bur move par
con move aeg
eng move bel
gal move ukr
gas move bur
hel move den
kie support hel move den
lvn move stp
lvp move yor
mar move pie
mos support lvn move stp
mun support gas move bur
nth support den
ruh move hol
rum move sev
ser move alb
spa move gas
tus support ven move rom
tys support aeg move ion
ven move rom
vie move tyr
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
stp move fin
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
remove eng
build Fleet tri
build Fleet ven
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: fleet pie
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move smy
bel move hol
ber move bal
bre move pic
bur move bel
fin move swe
gas move bur
hel move den
ion move nap
kie support hel move den
mos move stp
nap move tys
nth support den
nrg move nwy
par support gas move bur
pie move mar
pru move war
rom support ven move apu
ruh move hol
sev move mos
stp move nwy
tri move adr
tun support nap move tys
tus support tyr move pie
tyr move pie
tys support rom move nap
ukr support sev move mos
ven move apu
yor move lon
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Germany: army/dislodged mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
England: fleet tys
Austria: fleet/dislodged tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
mos move lvn
tys move gol
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
England: fleet mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
England: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
alb move tri
apu move nap
bal support hel move den
bel support lon move hol
bur move ruh
gal move war
hel move den
ion support apu move nap
kie support hel move den
lon move hol via convoy
lvn move stp
mar move spa/sc
mun move tyr
nap move rom
nth convoy lon move hol
nrg move nwy
par move bur
pic support par move bur
pie move spa via convoy
rom move apu
ruh move hol
smy move con
stp move fin
swe support den
tun support tys move wes
tus support nap move rom
tys move wes
ukr support mos
war move mos
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move ska
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ven
build Army vie
remove war
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion
apu move ven
bal support fin move swe
bel move eng
bur move ruh
con move bul
den move ska
fin move swe
gal move sil
hol move kie
ion move tun
kie move den
gol support pie move mar
mos move lvn
nap support rom move tys
nth support swe move den
par move gas
pic move bel
pie move mar
rom move tys
ruh move hol
ska support swe move den
spa/sc move mar
stp move nwy
swe move den
tri support ven move tyr
tus move pie
tyr move mun
ukr move mos
ven move tyr
vie hold
wes move gol
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move hel
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support hel move den
bel move ruh
bur move mun
den move kie
gas move mar
hel move den
hol support den move kie
ion move tun
kie support hel move den
gol move mar
mun move ber
nap support tys
nth move hel
pie support gol move mar
ruh move mun
sil move pru
ska support nwy
spa/sc support wes move gol
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move vie
tun move tys
tus support ven
tyr support vie move boh
tys support ion move tun
ven support tyr
vie move boh
wes move gol
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mar
Germany: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
England: fleet/dislodged tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
tun move wes
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove eng
build Fleet rom
build Army tri
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bal move den
bel support hol move ruh
ber support ruh move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bul move rum
bur support kie move mun
den move nth
gas move mar
hel support ska move den
hol move ruh
kie move mun
lvn support mos
gol move pie
mar support tys move gol
mos support stp
nap support rom move tys
nwy move nth
pie support mar
pru support ber
rom move tys
ruh move kie
ska move den
spa/sc support gas move mar
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move vie
tun support rom move tys
tus hold
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ven move tyr
vie move gal
wes support gol
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
England: army/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move swe
kie move hol
nwy move ska
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support kie move den
ber move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bur move mun
den move bal
gal move sil
hel support hol move kie
hol move kie
ion support nap move tys
kie move den
lvn support mos move stp
gol support spa/sc move wes
mos move stp
nap move tys
nwy move fin
pie move mar
pru move war
rom support nap move tys
ruh support hol move kie
rum move gal
ska move swe
spa/sc move wes
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tun move naf
tus support pie
tyr move mun
tys move tun
ven move tyr
vie hold
wes move naf
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
England: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Italy: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Germany: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move nth
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army fin
Italy: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove ber
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
remove fin
build Fleet tri
build Fleet ven
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support den move kie
bel move hol
boh move sil
bud move ser
bur move mun
den move kie
edi move nrg
gal move ukr
hel move den
ion support nap move tys
kie support hel move den
lvn move stp
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mun support sil move ber
nap move tys
nth support swe move nwy
nwy move nrg
pie move mar
rom move tus
ruh support kie
sil move ber
spa/sc support wes
stp move fin
swe move nwy
tri move adr
tun move naf
tus move ven
tyr support mun
tys move tun
ven move apu
vie move boh
war move pru
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: army/dislodged den
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Germany: fleet/dislodged nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move swe
nwy move ska
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
England: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Germany: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
apu move nap
bal move den
ber move kie
boh support mun
bur support kie move mun
den move bal
edi move nth
fin support ska move nwy
hol move bel
ion move tys
kie move mun
gol support wes
mun support ber move kie
naf move mid
nth move eng
nwy move ska
pie move tyr
pru support ber
ruh support kie move mun
ser move bud
sil support mun
ska move nwy
spa/sc move mid
stp support ska move nwy
swe support bal move den
tun move naf
tus move gol
tyr support ven move pie
tys move tun
ukr hold
ven move pie
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
England: army/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: army/dislodged pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
den move hel
kie move hol
nwy move nrg
pie move mar
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bel
build Fleet ber
remove eng
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
ber move bal
boh support mun
bud move gal
bur move mun
den support kie
fin support stp
hel move den
hol move kie
ion move tun
kie move hol
gol move tys
mar move pie
mun support kie
naf support tun move wes
nap move tys
nth support hel move den
nrg support stp move nwy
nwy move nth
pru support sil
ruh support hol move kie
sil support pru
spa/sc move mid
stp support nwy
swe support den
tun move wes
tus support tys move gol
tyr support pie
tys move gol
ukr move mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
Austria: army/dislodged kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet/dislodged gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
kie move ber
gol disband
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move den
ber support den move kie
boh support mun
bur support ruh move mun
den move kie
fin support stp
gal move war
hel support kie
ion move tun
gol move spa/sc
mid support spa/sc
mar support spa/sc
mos hold
mun support ber move kie
naf support wes move mid
nrg support nth
nwy move nth
pie move mar
pru move ber
ruh move mun
sil support pru move ber
spa/sc support mid
stp support nwy
swe support bal move den
tun move wes
tus move gol
tyr support mun
tys support tun move wes
wes move mid
PHASE 1914 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move bre
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
remove swe
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move kie
ber support bal move kie
boh support mun
bre support spa/sc move mid
bur move mun
den support bal move kie
fin support stp
hel move den
kie support hel move den
lon move eng
lvp move iri
gol support wes move spa
mid move por
mos support war move lvn
mun support ber move kie
naf move mid
nth support hel move den
nrg move nat
nwy move nth
pie move mar
pru support ber
ruh support bur move mun
sil support mun
spa/sc move mid
stp support nwy
tri move adr
tun move naf
tus move tys
tyr support mun
tys move wes
vie move tri
war move lvn
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1915 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army/dislodged kie
Germany: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move hol
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Italy: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
ber support kie
boh support mun
bre support mid
bur move mun
den move hel
eng support mid
fin move swe
hel support ruh move kie
hol support ruh move kie
iri support mid
kie support den move hel
lvn move stp
gol support pie move mar
mar move spa
mos support stp
mun support kie
naf support wes move mid
nat move nrg
nth move den
nwy move nrg
pie move mar
por support spa/sc
ruh move kie
sil support mun
spa/sc support pie move mar
stp move fin
tri move alb
tun move wes
tyr move pie
tys hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Italy: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
England: army/dislodged mar
England: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move gas
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Italy: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bre
remove hel
remove nat
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
remove ruh
build Fleet tri
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Italy: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support kie
boh move mun
bur move ruh
den move nth
eng support nth
fin move nwy
gas move spa
hol move kie
ion move tun
iri support mid
kie move hel
gol support spa/sc
mar support mun move bur
mos hold
mun move bur
naf move mid
nap move ion
nwy move nrg
pie support mar
por support naf move mid
pru move lvn
rom move ven
sil support ber
spa/sc support naf move mid
stp support fin move nwy
swe support fin move nwy
tri move adr
tun move naf
tys hold
vie move tyr
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1916 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Italy: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move bre
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Italy: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
ber support mun
bur move par
den move kie
gas move par
hel move hol
ion move tun
lvn support stp
gol support pie move mar
mid move nat
mar move bur
mos hold
mun move ruh
naf move mid
nth move edi
nrg move edi
pie move mar
por support naf move mid
ruh move hol
sil support mun
spa/sc support naf move mid
stp support nwy
swe support nwy
tun move naf
tyr move mun
tys support ion move tun
ven move pie
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Italy: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove hel
build Fleet lvp
remove nrg
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Italy: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support mun move kie
bre move mid
bur support mar move gas
eng support iri
gas move mar
ion move tys
kie support ruh move mun
lvn move pru
lvp move cly
gol move wes
mid move nat
mar move gas
mos move stp
mun move kie
naf support wes move mid
nat move nrg
nth move bel
nwy support swe
pie move mar
por support wes move mid
ruh move mun
sil support ber
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp move fin
swe support nwy
tri move adr
tun support gol move wes
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ven hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1917 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Italy: army gas
England: army/dislodged gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
England: army/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Italy: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gas move par
kie move hol
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
England: fleet cly
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army fin
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Italy: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bel move nth
ber support kie
bur support gas move par
cly move edi
eng support bel move nth
fin move nwy
gas move par
hol move kie
iri move lvp
kie support swe move den
gol support tys move wes
mid move gas
mar support mid move gas
naf support wes move mid
nat support nwy move cly
nrg convoy nwy move cly
nwy move cly via convoy
par support bre
por support wes move mid
pru move sil
ruh move bur
sil move mun
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp support fin move nwy
swe move den
tun move tys
tyr support sil move mun
tys move wes
ven move pie
wes move mid
PHASE 1917 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Italy: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: army cly
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army nap
remove par
build Army rom
PHASE 1918 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Italy: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: army cly
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
Austria: army swe
Austria: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move tri
ber support kie
bur move bel
cly move lvp
eng move bel
gas move par
hol support ruh
kie support swe move den
gol move tys
mid move gas
mar move bur
mun move ruh
naf support por move mid
nat move iri
nap hold
nth support edi
nrg move edi
nwy support swe
pie move ven
por move spa/nc
ruh support hol
sil support mun
spa/sc move por
stp support nwy
swe move den
tun hold
tyr move mun
tys move wes
wes move mid
PHASE 1918 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: army cly
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: army par
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
den disband
PHASE 1918 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: army cly
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: army par
England: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support kie
bur move bel
cly support nrg move edi
den move hol
edi support nth move nrg
eng move mid
gas move bre
hol move bel
iri move lvp
kie support den move hol
mid move eng
mar move bur
mun move ruh
naf support mid
nap move apu
nth move nrg
nrg move edi
nwy move den
par support gas move bre
por support spa/sc move mid
ruh support hol move bel
sil move mun
spa/sc support mid
stp hold
tun support tys
tyr support mun
tys support tun
ven move pie
wes move mid
PHASE 1918 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
England: fleet/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: army cly
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move pic
edi move nth
PHASE 1918 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: army cly
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove hol
build Fleet nap
remove pic
build Army rom
remove ruh
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1919 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: army cly
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
Italy: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: army par
Italy: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu support ven
ber move kie
bre support mid move eng
bud move gal
bur move bel
cly move lvp
den support kie
edi move nth
eng move iri
iri support cly move lvp
kie move hol
lvp move cly
mid move eng
mar move gas
mun move ruh
nap support tys
nth support nrg move edi
nrg move edi
par move bur
pie move mar
por support mid
rom support ven
sil move mun
stp support nwy
tri support tyr
tun support tys
tyr support tri
tys support tun
wes move mid
PHASE 1919 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Italy: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: army cly
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: fleet edi
Italy: fleet/dislodged edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
edi move yor
eng move lon
PHASE 1919 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Italy: army bel
England: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: army cly
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: fleet edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet yor
ORDERS
apu move nap
bel move wal via convoy
bre support eng
bur move bel
cly move lvp
den support kie
eng convoy bel move wal
gal move war
gas move bur
iri support cly move lvp
kie support hol
lon move eng
lvp move cly
mid move nat
mar support bur
mun support tyr
nap move tys
nth move yor
por support mid
rom support ven
ruh support hol
stp support nwy
tun support tys move wes
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ven hold
yor move edi
PHASE 1919 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvp
Austria: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Italy: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove lon
build Army vie
PHASE 1920 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvp
Austria: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
Italy: fleet yor
ORDERS
bel support bur
bre support eng
bud move gal
bur support bel
den hold
eng support wal move lon
iri support lvp
kie support den
lvp support yor move edi
mar support bur
mun support ruh
naf move mid
nat move nrg
nap hold
nth support edi
nwy hold
por support wes move mid
rom support ven
ruh support hol
stp support nwy
tun support tys
tyr support tri
tys support tun
ven support rom
vie support tri
wal move lon
wes move mid
yor move edi
PHASE 1920 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: supply ber
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: supply con
Austria: army den
Austria: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Austria: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvp
Austria: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Italy: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Austria: fleet nrg
Austria: army nwy
Austria: supply nwy
Italy: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
Austria: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet yor
ORDERS
