PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move eng
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar hold
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move bud
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move tun via convoy
bla support bul move rum
bot move swe
bud move ser
bul move rum
con move bul
den move swe
eng move lon
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move hol
mar move spa
nth move bel
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
ruh support pic move bel
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev move arm
ukr move sev
ven hold
yor move lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move smy
arm move ank
bel move wal via convoy
ber move sil
bla move rum
bot move swe
bre support eng
bud support sev move rum
con move ank
den support kie move bal
eng convoy bel move wal
gre support ser move bul
ion hold
kie move bal
lon move eng
mar move gol
mos move sev
nap move rom
nth move den
nwy move ska
ruh move mun
rum move bul
ser move bul
sev move rum
spa move por
tri hold
tun hold
ven hold
vie support bud
yor move wal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
rum move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm support sev
bal support den move swe
bla move ank
bre move mid
bud move rum
bul support bud move rum
con move bul
den move swe
eng move nth
gre support bul
ion move eas
lon move eng
gol move wes
mun move sil
nth support ska move den
rom move tus
rum support bul
sev support rum
sil move war
ska move den
smy support bla move ank
swe support ska move den
tri hold
tun hold
ukr move mos
ven hold
vie hold
yor hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
swe disband
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
build Fleet kie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm support eas move smy
bal support kie move den
bre move mid
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
con support smy
den hold
eas move smy
edi move nrg
eng move nth
gre move bul/sc
hol move ruh
lon move eng
mid move nat
mos support war move ukr
nth support den
por move spa
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
sil move gal
smy hold
swe support kie move den
tri hold
tus move gol
ven move pie
vie move gal
war move ukr
wes move gol
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
rum move ser
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm support eas move smy
bal support kie move den
bel hold
bud move ser
bul/sc move gre
con support smy
den move swe
eas move smy
eng move lon
kie move den
lon move eng
mid move iri
mos support war move ukr
nat move lvp
nth support lon move eng
nrg move nwy
pie move ven
ruh move hol
rum hold
ser move rum
sev support ser move rum
sil move gal
smy hold
spa move mar
swe support kie move den
tri support bud move ser
vie hold
war move ukr
wes move gol
yor move lvp
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
den move hel
eng move bre
rum move bul
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove hel
build Army mun
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm move syr
bal move swe
bel support hol
bre move eng
bud support ser move rum
bul support ser move rum
con support smy
den move nth
eas move ion
eng move mid
gal move rum
gre move aeg
hol support bel
iri support nat move lvp
mar hold
mos move sev
mun move boh
nat move lvp
nth move hel
nwy move bar
rum hold
ser move rum
sev move arm
smy hold
swe move ska
tri move vie
ukr support mos move sev
vie move boh
yor move lvp
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move bla
bar move stp/nc
bud support rum
bul support rum
con support smy
eng move lon
gal move bud
hel move nth
ion move tys
iri move mid
gol hold
mid move por
mar move spa
mun move boh
nth move edi
rum hold
sev support ukr move rum
ska move nwy
smy hold
swe support ska move nwy
syr hold
tri move ser
tus support ion move tys
ukr move rum
ven move pie
vie hold
yor move lon
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army mun
remove por
remove syr
build Army tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move bul via convoy
ber move sil
bla convoy ank move bul
boh support mun move tyr
bud support rum
bul hold
con support ank move bul
edi move nth
eng support nwy move nth
gal move bud
gre move ion
gol support spa move mar
mid move por
mun move tyr
nth move nwy
nwy support edi move nth
pie move ven
rum support bud
ser support bul
sev support ukr move rum
smy hold
spa move mar
stp/nc support nth move nwy
swe move den
tri move ven
tus move pie
tys move wes
ukr move rum
vie support bud
yor move lon
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Germany: fleet/dislodged nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move swe
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move bul via convoy
bel move bur
bla convoy ank move bul
boh move vie
bud support vie
bul hold
con support ank move bul
den move ska
eng move lon
gal support rum move bud
hol move ruh
ion move nap
lon hold
lvp move iri
gol move mar
mar move spa
nth support swe move nwy
nwy support stp/nc
pie move ven
por hold
rum move bud
ser support bul
sev hold
sil move boh
smy hold
stp/nc support nwy
swe move nwy
tri support bud
tus move rom
tyr support boh move vie
vie support bud
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army mun
remove tun
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move bul via convoy
bla convoy ank move bul
boh move vie
bre move mid
bud move vie
bul move rum
bur hold
con support ank move bul
eng move wal
gal move bud
iri move eng
lon move yor
gol support por move spa
mar move pie
mun move boh
nap hold
nth support ska move nwy
nwy move nrg
por move spa/sc
rom support wes move tys
ruh move hol
rum support gal move bud
ser support bul move rum
sev move rum
ska move nwy
smy hold
stp/nc hold
swe support ska move nwy
tri support bud move vie
tyr support vie move tri
vie move tri
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Germany: army/dislodged rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
rum move ukr
tri move alb
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla support ukr move rum
boh move vie
bud support ser move tri
bul hold
con support bul
eng move lon
gal support tri move bud
hol move nwy via convoy
gol support spa/sc move wes
mid move iri
mun move boh
nap move ion
nth convoy hol move nwy
nrg move edi
nwy move bar
rom support tys move nap
rum hold
ser move tri
sev support ukr move rum
smy move ank
spa/sc move wes
stp/nc move nwy
swe support hol move nwy
tri move bud
tyr move tri
tys move nap
ukr move rum
ven hold
wal support eng move lon
yor support nrg move edi
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Fleet smy
remove stp/nc
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move smy
bar move nrg
bla move con
boh move gal
bud support vie move tri
bul move ser
con move bul
edi hold
gal move ukr
gre move ser
ion move tun
iri support wal move lvp
gol move tys
mar move gol
mun move tyr
nap support rom move tys
nth move edi
nwy move stp
pie support tyr move ven
rom move tys
rum move bul
ser move tri
sev hold
smy move aeg
swe move bal
tyr move ven
ven move tri
vie move tri
wal move lvp
wes support gol move tys
yor move lvp
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ven move tus
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bal move bot
bla support con move rum
bud support rum move ser
bul support con move rum
con move rum via convoy
edi support yor
gal move rum
gre support ser
iri move wal
lon move yor
gol move tys
mar move gol
nap move ion
nth support nrg move edi
nrg move edi
pie move tus
rom move tys
rum move ser
ser support con move rum
sev support con move rum
stp move mos
tri support rum move ser
tun hold
tus move ven
tyr move vie
ukr support gal move rum
ven support pie move tus
wes support gol move tys
yor support edi
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
edi move cly
ser move alb
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Army mun
remove sev
remove yor
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy smy move gre
ber move sil
bla move rum
bot move stp/sc
bud support rum
bul support smy move gre
bur move ruh
cly move nat
con support bul
ion support rom move nap
kie move ruh
lon move nth
lvp move nat
gol move wes
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nth support edi
rom move nap
rum support ser
ser move rum
smy move gre via convoy
tri move alb
tus move rom
tys support tus move rom
ukr support mos move sev
ven support tus move rom
vie move gal
wal move eng
wes move naf
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Germany: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb support ser move gre
bla move arm
bud move ser
bul hold
bur move mun
cly move nrg
con support bul
gal support rum
gre hold
ion move adr
kie move ruh
naf move tun
nth move bel
ser move gre
sev move arm
sil move mun
tun hold
tyr move pie
ukr move sev
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Germany: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Austria: fleet/dislodged tun
Austria: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tun move ion
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Germany: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
