PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move rum
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move sev
bla move rum
bot move swe
bud move rum
bul support bla move rum
bur move mar
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move rum
hol hold
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move por
mos support sev
nth move ska
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pie move mar
ruh move bel
sev support gal move rum
spa move mar
tri move ser
ven hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet con
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel support mun move bur
ber move mun
bud support vie move gal
bul move rum
bur support spa move mar
con support rum move bla
den support swe
gal move rum
hol move nth
kie hold
lon move nth
mar move gol
mos support sev
mun move bur
nap move tys
nrg move bar
nwy move swe
par move pic
pie move mar
por move mid
rum move bla
ser support gre
sev support gal move rum
ska support nwy move swe
smy move aeg
spa move mar
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move vie
tun hold
ven move pie
vie move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
England: army/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move par
gal move ukr
nwy move fin
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bar support fin move nwy
bel support bur move pic
bla support arm move sev
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur move pic
con move aeg
den hold
fin move nwy
gre hold
hol support bel
kie move ber
lon move nth
gol move mar
mid move wes
mos support nwy move stp
mun move tyr
nwy move stp
par move gas
pic move par
pie move mar
ser support bul move rum
sev hold
ska support fin move nwy
spa support gol move mar
swe move nwy
tun move wes
tys support tun move wes
ukr support sev
ven move rom
vie move boh
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg hold
arm move sev
bar support nwy
bel hold
ber move kie
bla support arm move sev
boh move sil
bud hold
den hold
gal move ukr
gas move bre
hol hold
ion move tun
mid move spa/sc
mar hold
mos support stp
nth support ska move den
nwy hold
par support gas move bre
pic move bre
pie move ven
rom support pie move ven
rum support arm move sev
ser support gre
sev move rum
ska move den
spa move gas
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tyr move ven
tys move nap
ukr support sev move rum
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
bar support nwy
bel move hol
bla support sev
bre move pic
bud move gal
den hold
gal move war
gas move bur
hol move nth
ion move aeg
kie move den
mar move spa/sc
mos support ukr move war
nap hold
nth move den
nwy hold
par support bre move pic
pic move bel
rom hold
rum move ukr
ser support gre
sev support rum move ukr
sil support gal move war
spa/sc move mid
stp support mos
swe hold
tyr move mun
ukr move war
ven hold
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Army con
build Fleet lon
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg hold
bar move nwy
bel hold
ber hold
bla convoy con move rum
bud support gal
bul/sc hold
bur move ruh
con move rum
den support nwy move swe
gal support sil move war
hol move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
mid move wes
mos support war
mun move bur
nap move tys
nth support pic move bel
nwy move swe
par move bur
pic move bel
rom move ven
ser support gre
sev support ukr move mos
sil move war
spa/sc support mid move wes
stp support mos
swe move bal
tun hold
ukr move mos
ven move pie
war hold
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
war move pru
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support pru move ber
bel move pic
ber support kie
bla move bul/ec
bud support gal
bul/sc move aeg
den hold
eng support pic move bel
gal support war
gre hold
hol move nth
kie move den
mos hold
mun move ruh
nth support pic move bel
par move bur
pic move bel
pie move mar
pru move ber
ruh support pic move bel
rum hold
ser support gre
sev move mos
spa/sc move mar
stp support mos
swe hold
tun hold
tys hold
ukr support sev move mos
ven move pie
war support ukr move mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army lon
build Fleet mar
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel support nth move hol
ber move pru
bud move rum
bul/ec hold
bur move mun
den move kie
eng move nth
gal support bud move rum
gre move bul/sc
hol move bel
ion move tys
kie move ber
lon move yor
mid move bre
mos move lvn
mun support kie move ber
nth move hol
nwy hold
pie hold
ruh support bur move mun
rum support ukr
ser support bud move rum
sev move mos
stp move mos
swe move den
tri move adr
tun hold
tys move nap
ukr support sev move mos
ven hold
war move ukr
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
hol move hel
mun move tyr
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
ber support hel move kie
bul/ec support ukr move rum
den support kie
gal support rum
gre support ser move bul
hel move kie
hol hold
ion move aeg
kie hold
lvn move war
mar move gol
nap support adr move ion
nth convoy yor move nwy
nwy move swe
pie move ven
pru move ber
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support ukr move rum
spa/sc move wes
stp hold
tun support adr move ion
tyr move mun
tys move ion
ukr move rum
ven move rom
war move ukr
yor move nwy
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul/ec move bla
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove ber
build Army edi
remove hel
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
remove pru
build Fleet tri
remove tys
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
bla support ukr move rum
bul support rum
den move kie
edi move den via convoy
gal move ukr
gre support ion move aeg
ion move aeg
kie move ber
lvn support stp move mos
gol support mar move pie
mar move pie
mun move boh
nap move tys
nth convoy edi move den
rom move tus
ruh move mun
rum support gal move ukr
sev support ukr move rum
stp move mos
swe move bot
tri hold
tun support nap move tys
tyr move ven
ukr move rum
ven hold
vie support tri
war support gal move ukr
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move ser
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
ber move pru
bla move bul/ec
boh support mun move tyr
bot support nwy move stp
bul support ser move rum
con move smy
den move kie
gre support bul
hol hold
kie move ber
lon move nth
lvn move war
gol support pie
mos support lvn move war
mun move tyr
nth move nrg
nwy move stp
pie support mun move tyr
rum support bla move bul
ser move rum
sev support rum
tri support ven
tun support tys
tus support ven
tyr move ven
tys hold
ukr support ser move rum
ven hold
vie move bud
war support ukr
wes support gol
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Germany: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tyr move vie
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
remove gre
build Army lon
remove ukr
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: fleet pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move ruh
ber move pru
bla support smy move con
boh move gal
bot hold
bre move mid
bud support ser move rum
bul support ser move rum
con move ank
edi move nwy via convoy
gal move vie
hol hold
kie move ber
lon move den via convoy
gol move tus
mos hold
nth convoy lon move den
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pie move ven
pru move bal
rum move bul
ser move rum
sev move rum
smy move con
stp hold
tun support tys
tus support ven
tyr support pie move ven
tys hold
ven hold
vie move bud
war move gal
wes move gol
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum disband
ven move rom
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bal support stp move lvn
ber move sil
bla convoy sev move ank
boh support vie
bot support nwy move stp
bud support rum
bul support ank move con
con support sev move ank
den move kie
gal move vie
hol support den move kie
gol support wes
mid move naf
mos hold
nwy move stp
pru support ber move sil
rom move ven
ruh move mun
rum support bul
sev move ank
stp move lvn
tri support rom move ven
tun support tys
tus support rom move ven
tyr support ven
tys hold
vie move tri
war move gal
wes support mid move naf
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
con move smy
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army par
remove tus
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move sev
bal hold
bla convoy ank move sev
boh move vie
bot move stp/sc
bud move vie
bul move ser
con move bul/sc
gal support bud move vie
hol hold
kie move ber
lvn support stp move mos
gol support wes move tys
mos move sev
mun move boh
naf move tun
nth hold
nrg hold
par move bur
pru move war
rom hold
rum move ukr
sil support pru move war
smy move con
stp move mos
tri hold
tun hold
tyr support boh move vie
tys move wes
vie move bud
war move mos
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tys move nap
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move sev
ber move pru
bla convoy ank move sev
boh support tyr move vie
bud move vie
bul/sc move gre
bur move mun
con hold
gal support bud move vie
hol move hel
lvn support war
gol move wes
mun move tyr
naf support tys move tun
nap move tys
ser move tri
sil support war
tri move adr
tun move wes
tyr move vie
tys move tun
ven move rom
vie move bud
war hold
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: fleet/dislodged tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tun move ion
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet smy
remove tys
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
bal move den
bla move sev
boh move vie
bre move mid
bud support tri move vie
con move aeg
edi move nwy via convoy
gal support tri move vie
gre support adr move ion
hel convoy lon move kie
lon move kie via convoy
lvn support mos
gol move tys
mos hold
mun support tyr
naf move tun
nth convoy lon move kie
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pru support war
sev move mos
sil move gal
smy move eas
stp/sc move bot
tri move vie
tun move ion
tyr support ven
ukr move war
vie move bud
war support sil move gal
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
ion move alb
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Germany: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
alb move tri
bla hold
boh move vie
bot move bal
bud move tri
bur move mun
den move ska
eas support ion
gal support ukr move war
hel hold
kie move ber
lvn support mos
mid move wes
mos hold
mun move tyr
naf move tun
nth hold
nrg move nat
nwy move stp
sev move mos
sil move gal
tun move ion
tyr move tri
tys support tun move ion
ukr move war
ven support tyr move tri
vie support bud move tri
war support sil move gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army par
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
alb move adr
ber move pru
bla hold
boh move vie
bud move tri
eas support ion
gal support ukr move war
gre support aeg move ion
ion move nap
lvn support stp move mos
mos move ukr
mun move boh
naf move wes
nat move iri
par move bur
pru move sil
rom move nap
sev move mos
sil move gal
stp move mos
tri support boh move vie
tun move ion
tyr support boh move vie
tys move rom
ukr move war
ven support tys move rom
vie move tyr
war support mos move ukr
wes move tys
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: army/dislodged rom
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
Austria: army/dislodged ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rom move tus
ukr move rum
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg support ion
ber move pru
bla support sev
boh move gal
bud move ser
bur move mar
eas support ion
gal move bud
gre support ion
lvn move mos
mos move sev
pru move war
rom support tys move nap
rum move bul
sev hold
sil support war move gal
tri support vie move bud
tun support wes move tys
tus move pie
tyr support ven
tys move nap
ukr support mos move sev
vie move bud
war move gal
wes move tys
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: army/dislodged gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
gal move rum
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
build Fleet bre
build Army par
remove pie
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
bla support sev
bud move ser
eas support ion
gal support ukr move rum
mar move pie
nap move apu
nth move lon
rom move nap
sev hold
ska move nth
tri move alb
tun support tys move ion
tyr move vie
tys move ion
ukr move rum
ven move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
England: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
England: army ukr
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ion
alb move gre
apu support tys move ion
bla support sev
boh support vie
bre move mid
bud support tri move ser
eas support ion
gal move ukr
lvn move war
mos support ukr move sev
nap support tys move ion
par move bur
pie move ven
rum support ukr move sev
sev hold
tri move ser
tun support tys move ion
tys move ion
ukr move sev
vie support bud
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
France: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: fleet apu
England: fleet bal
France: supply bel
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army boh
France: supply bre
France: army bud
France: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Austria: fleet/dislodged ion
England: fleet iri
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
France: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
England: army pru
France: supply rom
England: army rum
Austria: supply rum
France: army ser
Austria: supply ser
England: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
England: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
France: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army war
England: supply war
ORDERS
