PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move tyr
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
bla support bul move rum
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur support nth move bel
con move bul
den hold
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move spa/sc
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
rom move ven
ruh move bel
rum hold
ser move tri
spa move por
stp move nwy
ukr support rum
ven move tri
vie move tyr
yor move bel
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army sev
build Fleet tri
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
bla support bul move rum
bre move eng
bud move tri
bul move rum
con move bul
den support kie move hel
gre support ser move bul
hol support ruh move bel
kie move hel
mun hold
nap move ion
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
par support bur
por move spa
rom move apu
ruh move bel
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev support rum
spa/sc move mid
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move adr
tun move wes
tyr support bud move tri
ukr support rum
ven move rom
war move lvn
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
apu hold
arm move sev
bel support hol
bla support con move bul
bul hold
bur support par move pic
con move bul
den move nth
eng move lon
gre move aeg
hel support den move nth
hol support bel
ion move tys
lvn hold
mid move eng
mun hold
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
par move pic
rom move ven
rum support bul
sev hold
spa hold
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move tyr
tyr move pie
ukr support sev
wes move gol
yor move lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
nth move ska
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg convoy apu move con
apu move con
arm move smy
bel move edi
ber move kie
bla support con move bul
bul support apu move con
bur move mar
con move bul
eng move lon
hel move den
hol move bel
ion convoy apu move con
lvn hold
gol move mar
mid move naf
nth convoy bel move edi
nrg support ska move nwy
pic hold
pie support gol move mar
rum move bla
sev move arm
ska move nwy
spa support bur move mar
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move adr
tyr move tri
tys hold
ukr hold
ven move tus
yor move edi
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
con move ank
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support arm move smy
ank move sev
arm move smy
bla support ank move sev
bul support con
bur move mar
con support arm move ank
den move ska
hol move yor
ion move nap
kie move ber
lon hold
lvn hold
gol convoy tus move mar
mun hold
naf move tun
nth convoy hol move yor
nrg support ska move nwy
pic hold
pie support tri move ven
rum move bla
ska move nwy
smy move con
spa support bur move mar
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move ven
tus move mar
tys move tun
ukr move sev
yor move edi
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
smy disband
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
remove bla
build Fleet bre
remove edi
build Army mos
build Fleet tri
remove tys
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move arm
bel move edi
ber move pru
bre move eng
bul support aeg move con
den move ska
ion move tun
lon move wal
lvn hold
mar support spa
mos move stp
mun hold
naf move tun
nap move tys
nth convoy bel move edi
nrg support ska move nwy
pie move ven
sev support rum
ska move nwy
smy support aeg move con
spa support mar
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move adr
ven move rom
vie move tyr
yor move lvp
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army/dislodged con
Austria: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
arm move smy
bul move ser
con support smy move ank
den move swe
edi support lvp
eng support pic move bel
ion move tun
lvn move war
lvp support edi
mar move bur
mos support lvn move war
mun move bur
naf move wes
nth move lon
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
pru move war
rom hold
rum hold
sev move arm
ska support nrg move nwy
smy move ank
spa move mar
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tyr support ven move pie
tys support ion move tun
ven move pie
wal move lon
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bud
build Army par
remove ska
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support arm move smy
arm move smy
bel move ruh
ber move kie
bud move gal
con support arm move smy
den support nwy move swe
edi move nwy
eng support wal move lon
ion move tys
lvp hold
mar support par move bur
mos move lvn
mun hold
nth convoy edi move nwy
nwy move swe
par move bur
pie move mar
rom move tus
rum move sev
ser move bul
smy support ank move con
spa support mar
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move adr
tun support tys move wes
tyr support vie move boh
tys move wes
vie move boh
wal move lon
war support mos move lvn
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
France: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
smy move syr
swe move fin
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
Germany: army lvp
Germany: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
ank move con
boh support bur move mun
bul move rum
bur move mun
con move aeg
den support nth
edi move hol
eng move bel
fin move swe
gal support bul move rum
kie move ruh
lvn move pru
lvp move yor
mar support spa
mun support kie move ruh
nth convoy edi move hol
pie hold
pru move ber
ruh move hol
sev move bla
spa support mar
stp move nwy
syr move smy
tun move naf
tus move ven
tyr support bur move mun
tys move gol
war support lvn move pru
wes support tun move naf
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Austria: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
mun move sil
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
build Army par
build Fleet stp/nc
remove syr
remove yor
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
bel support ruh move hol
ber support sil move mun
bla convoy con move sev
boh move gal
con move sev
den support nth
edi move hol
fin move swe
gal move ukr
ion move aeg
kie move ruh
lon move nth
gol support pie move mar
mid support spa
mar support spa
naf move mid
nth convoy edi move hol
nwy support fin move swe
par move bur
pie move mar
pru support gal move sil
ruh move hol
rum move sev
sil move mun
spa support mar
stp/nc move bar
swe move nwy
tyr move boh
ven move tyr
war support gal move sil
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
mar move gas
mun move kie
swe move bot
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: army edi
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc
bar move nwy
bel support hol
ber support ruh move kie
bla convoy con move sev
boh move gal
bot move swe
bul/sc hold
bur support gas move mar
con move sev
den support bot move swe
edi move yor
gal move ukr
gas move mar
hol hold
kie move mun
lon move nth
gol support wes move spa/sc
mid move wes
mar move gas
mun support ruh move kie
naf move mid
nth move nwy
nwy move stp
pru support war
ruh move kie
rum support ukr move sev
smy hold
spa support gas move mar
swe hold
tyr support mun
ukr move sev
war hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
France: army mar
Austria: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
France: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
mar move pie
spa move gas
swe move bal
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Russia: fleet bar
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
remove bar
build Army bud
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Austria: fleet gol
Austria: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc
bal support pru
bel move nth
ber move pru
bla move bul/ec
bud move rum
bul/sc hold
bur move ruh
con support bla move bul/ec
den move swe
gal move war
gas support mar move spa
kie move hol
lon move wal
gol move tys
mid move por
mar move spa
mun move bur
nth move lon
pie move mar
pru support war
rum move sev
sev move mos
smy support con
spa/sc support pie move mar
stp move mos
swe move nwy
tyr move pie
ukr support gal move war
vie move gal
war support stp move mos
wes move tun
yor support nth move lon
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Austria: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
spa/sc move wes
war move sil
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Germany: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
Austria: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
Austria: fleet wes
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc
bal support pru move ber
ber support kie
bla move sev
bud move rum
bul/sc hold
bur move par
con support smy
gal support war
gas move par
hol move kie
kie support ber
lon hold
mar move spa
nth move edi
nwy move stp/nc
pie move mar
por support mar move spa
pru move ber
ruh move bel
rum move sev
sev move mos
sil move mun
smy support con
stp move mos
swe hold
tys support wes move tun
ukr support sev move mos
wal move lvp
wes move tun
yor move edi
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
France: fleet/dislodged tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
ber move sil
tun move ion
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Germany: army yor
ORDERS
remove bal
remove gas
build Army tri
build Army vie
remove yor
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
Austria: army mar
Austria: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: fleet por
Austria: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Austria: army spa
Austria: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg hold
ber support mun move sil
bla move sev
bud move gal
bur move par
con support smy
gal move sil
hol move kie
ion move tys
kie support sil move ber
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun move sil
nth move edi
nwy support mos move stp
por move mid
rum support bul/sc
sil move ber
smy support con
spa move gas
stp move mos
swe move den
tri move tyr
tun move ion
tys move rom
ukr move sev
vie move boh
war move pru
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Austria: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Germany: army/dislodged sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
sil move war
stp move lvn
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Austria: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc
ber support hol move kie
bla move sev
boh move sil
bud move rum
bur move par
con support smy
den move nth
eng move bre
gal support pru move war
gas support bur move par
hol move kie
ion move tun
iri move eng
kie move ber
lvn move mos
mid move bre
nwy move swe
par support eng move bre
pru move war
rum move sev
sil move mun
smy support con
stp move lvn
tyr move mun
tys move tun
ukr move mos
war move lvn
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Germany: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Austria: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
kie move den
par move pic
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
France: army kie
France: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
Austria: fleet mid
Austria: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Russia: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Germany: army pic
Austria: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
Austria: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
