PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar support par move bur
mos move stp
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move tun via convoy
bla convoy con move sev
bot move swe
bul hold
bur move mun
con move sev via convoy
hol move bel
ion convoy apu move tun
kie move den
mid move por
mar move spa
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg support yor move nwy
rum support ukr move sev
ser support alb move gre
stp move nwy
ukr move sev
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army ber
build Army bre
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel support kie move hol
ber move mun
bla support ank move arm
bre move pic
bud move ser
bul move rum
bur move ruh
con move ank
gre move aeg
ion move eas
kie move hol
lon move eng
mos support sev
mun move ruh
nap move ion
nth move ska
nrg move nth
nwy hold
par move bur
por move mid
rum support sev
ser move gre
sev support rum
spa move gas
stp move lvn
swe hold
tri support bud move ser
vie move gal
war move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre move bul
ank move arm
arm move smy
bel hold
ber move mun
bla move con
bul move rum
bur move bel
eas convoy tun move syr
eng support nth
gal move rum
gas move bre
gre move bul
hol support bel
ion convoy tun move syr
lvn move war
mos support sev
mun move ruh
nth support bur move bel
nwy move den via convoy
par move bur
pic support bur move bel
rum support sev
ser support gre move bul
sev support rum
ska convoy nwy move den
swe support ska move den
tun move syr via convoy
ukr support sev
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
arm move syr
bel move ruh
bre move par
bud support gal move rum
bul support aeg move con
bur support bel move ruh
con support smy
eas support syr move smy
gal move rum
hol move nth
ion move tys
kie support hol
mid move bre
mar move spa/sc
mos move sev
mun support ruh move bur
pic move bel
ruh move bur
rum move bla
ser support gal move rum
sev move arm
smy support arm move syr
swe support nwy move den
syr move smy
tri move vie
ukr move rum
ven move pie
war move pru
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move mar
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move ank
bel support ruh move hol
bla support arm move ank
bre move mid
bud support rum
bul support con
bur move bel
con support smy move ank
den hold
eas move smy
eng move nth
hol support bur move bel
kie move ber
mar support par move bur
mun move ruh
nth move hel
nwy hold
par move bur
pru move ber
ruh move hol
rum support vie move gal
ser support rum
sev move rum
ska support eng move nth
smy move ank
spa/sc support mar
swe support nwy move den
tys move wes
ukr support sev move rum
vie move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move gas
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
build Fleet nap
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel support nth move hol
bla move ank
bud support rum
bul move con
bur move mun
con move bla
eas move ion
gal move sil
gas support pie move mar
hel move kie
hol hold
kie support hol
mid support mar move spa
mar move spa
mun move bur
nap move tys
nth move hol
nwy move den via convoy
pie move mar
pru move ber
ruh support bur move mun
ser support rum
sev move ukr
ska convoy nwy move den
smy support con move ank
spa/sc move gol
swe support nwy move den
tri move tyr
ukr move war
vie move boh
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank hold
bel move pic
ber hold
bla support con move ank
boh support tyr move mun
bud move gal
con move ank
den move kie
gas move par
hel support den move kie
hol support den move kie
ion move tun
kie move ber
gol move mar
mid move gas
ruh support mun
rum move sev
ser move rum
sil support tyr move mun
ska move den
smy support con move ank
spa support gol move mar
swe support den
tyr move mun
tys move gol
ukr move war
war move pru
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Russia: fleet/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: army kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
France: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank disband
kie move bal
mun move bur
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
remove gol
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
remove ruh
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
ber support pru
boh move mun
bud move ser
bur move par
den support kie
edi move yor
gal support rum move ukr
gas support spa
hel support kie
hol move nth
kie support ber
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mar support par move gas
mos support war
mun move bur
nap move tys
par move gas
pic support bur move par
pru support ber
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
sil support boh move mun
smy move ank
spa support gas
swe move bal
tri move tyr
tun move naf
tys move gol
vie move boh
war support mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: army/dislodged par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
par move bre
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bal support ber move kie
ber move kie
bla support con move ank
boh support tyr move mun
bre hold
bur move gas
con move ank
den support kie
eng move iri
gal support sil
gas move bre
hel move hol
iri move nat
kie support ber
gol move spa/sc
mid move por
mar support gol move spa
mos move stp
mun move ruh
naf move mid
nth convoy yor move bel
par support gas move bre
pic support gas move bre
pru support war
ser move bud
sev support ukr
sil support tyr move mun
spa move mar
tyr move mun
tys move wes
war support pru
yor move bel
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Italy: army/dislodged ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bre
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bal convoy pru move swe
bel move nwy
ber move kie
bla move con
boh support mun
bud move tri
den move swe
edi move nrg
gal support sil
gas support mar move bur
hol move hel
iri move eng
kie support mun move ber
mid move bre
mar move bur
mun support ruh
nat hold
nap move tys
nth convoy bel move nwy
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
por support wes move mid
pru move swe via convoy
rom move tus
ruh support mar move bur
sev move mos
sil support mun
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp move nwy
ukr support sev move mos
war move pru
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bal move swe
bel move nwy
ber move kie
boh support mun
bre support par
bur support gas move par
con move smy
den move ska
eng move iri
gal support sil
gas move par
hel move den
kie move ber
mid move bre
mos move lvn
mun support ber move kie
nat move iri
nth convoy bel move nwy
nrg support bel move nwy
par support bre
por support wes move mid
pru move ber
ruh support ber move kie
sil support gal
spa/sc support wes move mid
stp move fin
tri move tyr
tus move gol
tys move wes
ukr support gal
war move pru
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
England: army/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
France: army/dislodged par
France: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move hol
par disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
remove eng
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move kie
boh support tyr move mun
bud move gal
bur move pic
den support nwy move swe
fin support swe
gal move war
hol move kie
kie move den
lvn move pru
mid move gas
mun move bur
nat move nrg
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy move swe
par support bur move pic
por move spa/nc
pru move ber
ruh support ber move kie
sil support lvn move pru
ska support nwy move swe
smy move aeg
spa/sc move mid
stp/nc move nwy
swe support kie move den
tyr move mun
tys move tun
vie move tyr
wes support spa/sc move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Italy: army pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ber move kie
boh support mun
bur support pic move bel
den support nwy move swe
fin support swe move nwy
gal move sil
gas move bre
hol support ruh move kie
kie move hol
gol move wes
mid move eng
mun support ber move kie
nat move nrg
nth move nwy
nrg move bar
nwy move swe
par support gas move bre
pic move bel
ruh support kie move hol
ska support nwy move swe
spa/nc support wes move mid
stp/nc move bar
swe move nwy
tun move naf
tyr move pie
war move lvn
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army/dislodged bre
Italy: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
England: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre disband
swe move bal
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Italy: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support kie move den
bel move wal via convoy
bre move pic
bur move bel
den move bal
eng convoy bel move wal
fin move swe
hol support kie
kie move den
mid move iri
mos move stp
mun move ber
naf support wes move mid
nat move nrg
nap move tys
nrg support nwy move bar
nwy move bar
pie move mar
pru support lvn
rom move tus
ruh support bur move bel
sil move ber
ska support swe
spa/nc move gas
stp/nc move bar
swe support nwy
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Austria: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
England: fleet/dislodged den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move hel
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Austria: army bel
Italy: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Russia: army hol
Russia: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Austria: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal support den
bar move nrg
bel move hol
boh move mun
den hold
eng move lon
fin move swe
gas move bre
hel hold
hol move kie
iri support wal move lvp
mid move eng
mar move bur
mos move stp
mun move kie
naf move mid
nat hold
nrg move cly
pru support lvn
ruh support bel move hol
ska hold
stp/nc move nwy
swe hold
tus move gol
tys move wes
wal move lvp
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Italy: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
England: fleet cly
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove cly
remove nat
build Fleet nap
remove nrg
build Fleet rom
remove swe
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Italy: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: fleet bre
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Austria: army hol
Austria: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: army lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Italy: fleet pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support den
boh move sil
bre move eng
den support fin move swe
eng move nth
fin move swe
gal move war
hel hold
hol move kie
iri move nat
lon support eng move nth
lvp move edi
gol move wes
mid move iri
mun support hol move kie
nap move tys
nwy support fin move swe
pic move bel
pru support lvn
rom move tus
sev move mos
sil move ber
ska hold
stp move fin
ukr move mos
vie move boh
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Austria: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Russia: supply kie
Italy: fleet lon
Italy: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: army par
Austria: supply par
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tus
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support den
bel move hol
ber support kie
boh move tyr
den support swe
eng support lon move nth
fin move stp
gre move bul/sc
kie support den
lon move nth
mun support kie
nat support nth move nrg
nth move nrg
nwy support swe
par move pic
ruh support bel move hol
sev move mos
swe support nwy
tus move gol
tys move ion
ukr move rum
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Italy: fleet hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
England: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army bud
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Army tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
Austria: army bur
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet hol
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support kie
bud move tri
bul/sc move con
bur move gas
den support nwy move swe
eng move nth
hol move hel
ion move aeg
gol move wes
mid move eng
mun move ruh
nap move ion
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy move swe
rom move tys
ruh move bur
rum move bul
stp move fin
swe hold
tri move ser
tyr move mun
vie move tyr
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet hel
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Italy: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move ska
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Italy: fleet hel
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Italy: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Austria: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ber support kie
bul move con
bur move mun
con move bla
fin move nwy
gas move bur
hel move den
ion move gre
lvn move stp
mid move nat
mos move stp
mun move tyr
nat move nrg
nth support nwy move ska
nrg move bar
nwy move ska
ser move bul
sil move gal
ska support fin move nwy
swe support fin move nwy
tyr move ven
tys move gol
wes move mid
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet bar
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Italy: fleet hel
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet rom
build Fleet stp/nc
remove ven
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet bar
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Italy: army edi
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Italy: fleet hel
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet ska
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
ber support kie
bla support con
den support swe
edi move cly
gre move aeg
hel support nth move den
nth move den
nwy support swe
rom move tys
ska support nth move den
smy move eas
stp/nc support nwy
swe support nwy
tyr move pie
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Italy: fleet bar
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Italy: army cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Italy: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Italy: fleet hel
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pic
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bar move nrg
ber support kie
bla support con
bul support con
bur support pic move bel
den move swe
hel move den
lvn move stp
mos move stp
nrg move nth
nwy move stp
pic move bel
ska support den move swe
stp/nc move bar
swe move fin
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Russia: fleet bar
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Italy: army cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Italy: fleet den
Italy: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: fleet swe
Italy: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
remove bar
build Army bud
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Italy: army cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Italy: fleet den
Italy: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet ska
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Italy: fleet swe
Italy: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
bud move tri
bur support bel
den move nth
eng move mid
fin support nwy move stp
gal move rum
lvn support fin move stp
mid move wes
mos support nwy move stp
nap move ion
nth move eng
nrg support ska move nwy
nwy move stp
ska move nwy
swe support ska move nwy
tri move alb
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Italy: army cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Italy: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Italy: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Italy: fleet swe
Italy: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bla convoy rum move arm
bur support bel
fin support stp
lvn support stp
mos support stp
rum move arm via convoy
stp support fin
war move gal
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Italy: army cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Italy: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Italy: fleet swe
Italy: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove fin
build Fleet nap
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Austria: army bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Italy: army cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Italy: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Italy: fleet swe
Italy: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move smy
bel move bur
bul move gre
bur move gas
con move smy
eng move bel
gal move war
mid move eng
nap move tys
nwy move bar
stp hold
tri move ven
tys move wes
wes move mid
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Italy: fleet bar
Italy: fleet bel
Austria: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Italy: army cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Italy: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Italy: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Italy: fleet swe
Italy: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy stp move syr
alb move gre
arm move smy
bar convoy stp move syr
bul move gre
bur move mar
con move smy
eas convoy stp move syr
eng convoy stp move syr
gas move mar
ion convoy stp move syr
iri convoy stp move syr
kie move hol
lvn move stp
gol convoy stp move syr
mid convoy stp move syr
mos support lvn move stp
nat convoy stp move syr
nth convoy stp move syr
nrg convoy stp move syr
pie move mar
ruh move hol
stp move syr via convoy
swe move nwy
tys convoy stp move syr
war move lvn
wes convoy stp move syr
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Italy: fleet bar
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Italy: army cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Italy: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Italy: supply swe
Russia: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Italy: fleet bar
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Italy: army cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Italy: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Italy: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
Italy: fleet bar
Italy: fleet bel
Italy: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Italy: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: army bur
Italy: army cly
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
Italy: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
Italy: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Austria: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Italy: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
Italy: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nth
Italy: fleet nrg
Italy: fleet nwy
Italy: supply nwy
Austria: supply par
Austria: army pie
Italy: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Italy: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
