PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank hold
ber move kie
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mos move lvn
nap move tys
rom move apu
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
ven move tus
vie support tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move con
apu hold
bul move gre
con move bul
eng move mid
kie move den
lvn move swe via convoy
mun move kie
nth convoy yor move nwy
tri move alb
tus hold
tys move tun
vie hold
war move lvn
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet ber
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army nap
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
build Army ven
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move con
bot convoy lvn move swe
bul support gre
con move aeg
den hold
gre support bul
hol move bel
kie support den
lon move eng
lvn move swe via convoy
mid move spa/sc
mos move stp
mun move bur
nth move bel
nwy support lvn move swe
ser move bud
smy move eas
tri move ven
tun move wes
tus move pie
war hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg hold
apu support ven
ber move kie
bot move bal
bud move ser
bul hold
con hold
eas move ion
eng move bel
gre hold
hol move bel
kie move ruh
nth convoy nwy move den
nwy move den via convoy
pie move ven
stp move lvn
swe support nwy move den
tri move adr
ven move tri
vie hold
war move pru
wes move tys
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
build Army war
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg convoy con move alb
bal convoy lvn move ber
bul support gre move ser
con move alb via convoy
den support swe move kie
eng move bel
gre move ser
hol move bel
ion convoy con move alb
kie move den
lon move eng
lvn move ber via convoy
lvp move yor
nth support eng move bel
pru move ber
ruh support hol move bel
ser hold
spa/sc move por
swe move kie
tri move ven
vie move tyr
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ser move bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr support tyr move ven
aeg hold
alb move tri
bal move swe
bul support ser
bur support hol move bel
den move kie
eng support lon move nth
hol move bel
ion hold
kie hold
lon move nth
lvn move pru
nth move hel
pru move ber
ruh support hol move bel
ser support alb move tri
sil support pru move ber
swe move nwy
tri hold
tyr move ven
yor move wal
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move vie
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army mos
build Fleet smy
remove ven
build Army war
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support vie move tri
aeg convoy con move alb
bel move pic
ber support sil move mun
bud support vie move tri
bul hold
bur move par
con move alb via convoy
den support hel move kie
eng convoy wal move bel
hel move kie
ion convoy con move alb
kie move ber
mos move ukr
nth support wal move bel
nwy hold
por move mid
pru move ber
ser support tri move bud
sil move mun
smy move con
swe support nwy
tri move bud
vie move tri
wal move bel via convoy
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move vie
kie move hol
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support ser move tri
bel support nth move hol
ber hold
bud support ser move tri
bul hold
bur move par
con hold
den support kie
eng support bel
gal move vie
ion move tun
kie support nth move hol
nth move hol
nwy move den
pic move bel
pru support ber
ruh support pic move bel
ser move tri
swe support nwy move den
tri support vie move bud
ukr move gal
vie move bud
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Russia: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
England: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move ven
