PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move stp
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move apu
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move ven
ven move tri
vie move tyr
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
apu support ven
arm move sev
bot move swe
bul move rum
edi move bel via convoy
hol support nth move bel
ion move gre
kie move den
mid move por
nth convoy edi move bel
nrg move nwy
pic support edi move bel
ser support bul move rum
sev move bla
stp move fin
tri move alb
tyr move boh
ukr move rum
ven hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ank
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Army lon
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank support con move bla
apu move ven
ber move sil
bla support ukr move sev
boh move sil
bre move pic
con move bla
edi move nrg
fin move nwy
gre support nap move ion
hol support pic move bel
kie support den
lon move yor
nap move ion
nth support nwy
par move bur
pic move bel
por move mid
rum support sev
ser move bul
sev support rum
smy move con
spa move mar
swe support fin move nwy
ukr move sev
ven move tri
vie move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
England: army/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet/dislodged bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move ruh
bla move arm
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm move sev
ber move pru
bla support ank move arm
boh move sil
bur support bel
con move bul
fin move stp
gal move war
gre hold
ion support gre
kie move ruh
mid move iri
mar support bur
mun support kie move ruh
nth move den
nrg move nth
nwy support nrg move nth
pic move eng
ruh move kie
rum support con move bul
sev support rum
swe support nth move den
tri hold
ukr move war
ven move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army/dislodged den
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bul move ser
den move kie
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove alb
build Fleet bre
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
remove ruh
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm support sev
bel hold
bla move con
bre move mid
bul move ser
bur move bel
den move kie
eng convoy bel move wal
gal move rum
gre hold
hol move kie
ion support gre
iri support bel move wal
kie move ber
lon move wal
mar move bur
mos move war
nth move lon
nwy move nth
pru move war
rum support bul move ser
ser support gal move rum
sev support rum
sil support pru move war
smy move aeg
stp move lvn
swe move bal
tri move vie
tyr support tri move vie
ukr support gal move rum
ven move tri
yor move lvp
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet arm
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move bla
bal move kie
bel hold
ber support mun move kie
bul support rum
bur support bel
con move aeg
den support bal move kie
gal move ukr
gre support ion
hol move nth
ion support gre
iri support eng
lon move eng
lvn move war
mid move nat
mos support lvn move war
mun move kie
nth move hol
rum support sev
ser move bud
sev support rum
sil move pru
tri support ser
tyr move vie
ukr support lvn move war
vie move bud
wal support lon move eng
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Germany: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove gal
build Fleet nap
remove pru
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
bal move kie
bel hold
ber support mun move kie
bla support sev
bul move ser
bur support bel
con move bul/sc
den move hel
eng move wal
gre support ion move aeg
hol move nth
ion move aeg
iri move lvp
lon move eng
mos move sev
mun move kie
nat support iri move lvp
nap move ion
nth move hol
pru move lvn
rum support bul move ser
sev support rum
sil support ber
tri support vie move bud
ukr support mos move sev
vie move bud
wal support lon move eng
war hold
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet/dislodged aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: army/dislodged lvp
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
eng move bre
lvp move edi
ser disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
bal move den
bel support hol
ber move kie
bla support sev
bre hold
bud support tri move ser
bul/sc move aeg
bur support bel
eng move bel
gre support aeg move bul
hel support nth move hol
hol support bel
ion move eas
kie move den
lvn move stp
lvp hold
mos move stp
nat support lvp
nth move hol
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sil move ber
smy support bul/sc move aeg
tri move ser
ukr move mos
wal move iri
war hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
remove lvn
build Fleet nap
build Army par
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bal move kie
bel hold
ber move kie
bla support sev
bre move mid
bud support tri move ser
bul/sc move aeg
bur support bel
con support smy
eas support aeg move smy
edi support iri move lvp
eng move wal
gre move bul/sc
hel move den
hol move nth
iri move lvp
kie move den
lvp move cly
mar move spa
mos hold
nat support lvp move cly
nap move ion
par move bre
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev support rum
sil move ber
smy support bul/sc move aeg
tri move ser
tyr move vie
ukr move gal
war support ukr
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet/dislodged aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Italy: army/dislodged bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bud move tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
bal move den
ber move kie
bla support con move bul
bud support rum move ser
bul/sc support ion move aeg
bur move ruh
cly move nrg
con move bul
eas support ion move aeg
edi support lvp
gal move rum
gre support bul/sc
hel move hol
ion move aeg
kie move hol
mid move eng
mos move ukr
nat support cly move nrg
nth support hel move hol
rum move ser
ser support gal move rum
sev support rum
sil move ber
smy support aeg
tri support vie move bud
vie move bud
wal move eng
war hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Turkey: army/dislodged bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove aeg
remove gal
build Army mos
build Army nap
build Army rom
remove spa
build Army stp
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel support kie move hol
ber move kie
bla support sev move rum
bud move rum
bul/sc hold
con support smy
den move kie
eas convoy nap move syr
edi move cly
gre move aeg
hol support den move kie
ion convoy nap move syr
kie move hol
mid move iri
mos move sev
nat support mid move iri
nap move syr via convoy
nth support hol
nrg move nwy
rom move nap
ruh support kie move hol
rum support mos move sev
ser support bud move rum
sev move rum
sil move ber
smy support con
stp move lvn
tri move bud
ukr support mos move sev
wal move iri
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
England: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
England: fleet/dislodged hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol move hel
sev move arm
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
England: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support syr move smy
arm move sev
bel support ruh move hol
ber support hol move kie
bla support arm move sev
bre move pic
bud support ser move rum
bul/sc move con
cly support lvp
con support smy
den move kie
eas support syr move smy
hel move den
hol move kie
ion convoy nap move tun
lvn move pru
nat move nrg
nap move tun via convoy
nth support hel move den
nwy support nat move nrg
ruh move hol
rum hold
ser move rum
sev support rum
sil move pru
smy support con
syr move smy
tri move ser
ukr support sev
wal move eng
war support lvn move pru
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
England: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Russia: fleet/dislodged den
Russia: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move swe
rum move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
England: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bla
build Fleet bre
remove den
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
remove pru
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
England: army cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
arm support con move smy
bel hold
ber move pru
bre move eng
bud move vie
bul/sc move con
cly move edi
con move smy
eas move ion
eng support lvp move iri
gal move war
hol support bel
ion move tun
iri move mid
kie move den
lvp move iri
mar move spa/sc
nap move tys
nth move den
nrg move nth
nwy support nrg move nth
pic move bre
rom move ven
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev hold
sil move ber
smy support bul/sc move con
swe move den
tun move naf
ukr support sev
ven move tyr
war move pru
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Italy: army/dislodged smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move hel
smy move ank
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support con
arm support smy move ank
ber move pru
bre move eng
bud move gal
bul/sc move con
con support ank
eng move lon
hel move den
ion support tys
iri move mid
kie support nth move den
mid move iri
naf hold
nth move den
pic move bur
rum support bud move gal
sev hold
sil move mun
smy move ank
swe support nth move den
tun support naf
tyr move boh
tys support tun
ukr support gal
ven move tyr
vie support bud move gal
war hold
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
France: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
remove hel
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army ven
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: fleet den
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank support bul/sc move con
bel move wal via convoy
boh move sil
bul/sc move con
con move bla
den move nth
eng convoy bel move wal
gal move ukr
ion support naf move tun
iri support lon move eng
kie support mun
lon move eng
mid move iri
mos move ukr
naf move tun
nwy support den move nth
pru move lvn
rum support gal move ukr
sev support ukr move rum
smy move con
spa/sc hold
swe move nwy
tun move wes
tyr move boh
tys support tun move wes
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Italy: army/dislodged rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move bul
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move smy
bla support bul move rum
boh move sil
bul move rum
bur support mar
con support ank move smy
edi move lvp
eng support wal move lon
gal support sil move war
ion convoy tun move gre
iri support wes move mid
kie move den
lvn move stp
mid move iri
mar support spa/sc
mos move stp
nth support wal move lon
sev support rum
sil move war
smy move ank
spa/sc hold
swe move den
tun move gre via convoy
tyr hold
tys support wes
vie move bud
wal move lon
war move gal
wes hold
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: army smy
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
lon move yor
smy disband
war move ukr
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army ven
remove yor
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bla move sev
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
con move aeg
eng move iri
gal move ukr
gre move ser
ion move tys
iri move wal
kie move den
lon move yor
lvn move stp
lvp support iri move wal
mid support eng move iri
nth move edi
nwy hold
rum hold
sev hold
sil support war
smy move arm
swe move den
tyr move boh
tys move gol
ukr support rum
ven move tyr
war support gal move ukr
wes hold
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
rum move gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army arm
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
boh support bud move gal
bre move gas
bud move gal
gal move war
iri move eng
kie move den
gol move wes
mid hold
mos support gal move war
mun move ber
rum support arm move sev
ser support rum
sev hold
sil support bud move gal
swe move den
tys move gol
ukr move mos
wal move lon
war support ukr move mos
wes move naf
yor move lon
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
gal move vie
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army mun
build Army ven
remove wal
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
ber move pru
bla move con
boh support gal move vie
eng move wal
gal move vie
ion move tun
kie move den
lvp move cly
gol move spa/sc
mid hold
mar support spa/sc
mos move stp
mun move ber
naf move mid
rum move bud
ser move tri
sev move mos
sil move war
spa/sc hold
stp move mos
swe move den
tyr support gal move vie
ukr support sev move mos
ven move pie
vie move bud
war move lvn
wes support naf move mid
yor support eng move wal
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
mid move por
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army cly
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
ber move mun
boh support tyr move mun
bre move mid
bur support mar
cly move lvp
con move aeg
gas support spa/sc
kie move den
lvn move stp
gol support pie move mar
mid move gas
mar hold
mos support lvn move stp
pie move mar
por support bre move mid
rum move gal
spa/sc hold
stp move mos
swe move den
tun move naf
tyr move mun
ukr move war
vie hold
wal support yor move lvp
war move lvn
wes move spa/sc
yor move lvp
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army cly
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: fleet/dislodged mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Italy: army stp
Germany: army/dislodged stp
Germany: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move eng
stp move fin
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
England: army cly
Italy: supply con
France: supply den
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
Italy: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
