PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre hold
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move cly
kie move hol
lon move wal
lvp move yor
mar hold
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move pic
rom move apu
smy move arm
tri move alb
ven move tus
vie move bud
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu hold
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bre move gas
bud move rum
bul move gre
cly hold
hol support ruh move bel
kie move den
mar move pie
pic move bur
ruh move bel
ser support bud move rum
tus move pie
tys move tun
wal hold
yor move lon
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Army bud
build Army con
build Fleet kie
build Army mun
build Fleet rom
build Fleet smy
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet gas
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
apu move rom
bel move bur
ber move bal
bla convoy con move sev
bud support rum
bul move gre
bur move pic
cly move edi
con move sev via convoy
den move kie
gas move bre
hol move bel
kie move hel
lon support wal
mar move bur
mun support bel move bur
rom move tys
rum hold
ser support alb move gre
sev move ukr
smy move aeg
tun move wes
tus move pie
vie move gal
wal support lon
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bal move swe
bel move pic
bla support sev move rum
bre move pic
bud support rum
bul support sev move rum
bur move gas
edi move yor
gal support rum
gre hold
hel move nth
kie move mun
mar move bur
mun move bur
pic move bur
pie hold
rom move tus
rum hold
ser support gre
sev move rum
tys move gol
ukr support sev move rum
wal move lon
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Army con
build Fleet nap
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bel move eng
ber move bal
bla convoy con move sev
bre move gas
bud move rum
bul support rum
con move sev via convoy
gal move war
gas hold
gre hold
kie move ber
lon move hol
gol support pie
mar support bre move gas
mun move sil
nap move ion
nth hold
pic support bre
pie move mar
rum hold
ser support gre
spa/sc move por
swe move fin
tri move alb
tus move spa via convoy
ukr support gal move war
yor move nth
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Germany: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support gre
bal convoy ber move lvn
ber move lvn via convoy
bla support bul
bre move eng
bud support ser
eng move bel
fin move stp/sc
gas move par
gre hold
gol support pie
mar move bur
nap move ion
nth move nwy
pic move bel
rum support bul
ser hold
sev move mos
sil move pru
tus move spa via convoy
ukr support sev move mos
war support mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army mun
build Army rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support gre
bal move den
ber move pru
bud support ser
bul support rum
eng support par move bre
fin support lvn move stp
gre hold
lvn move stp
mun move bur
nap move tys
nwy move nrg
par move bre
pie move mar
por move mid
pru move lvn
rom move tus
rum hold
ser hold
sev move mos
tus move spa via convoy
ukr support sev move mos
vie move gal
war support mos
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet/dislodged stp/sc
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Germany: fleet fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
alb support gre
bla support rum
bre hold
bud support ser
bul support ion move gre
bur move mun
den move nth
eng hold
fin move swe
gal move war
gre hold
ion move gre
lvn support war move mos
gol move tys
mid move iri
nrg move edi
pru support war
rom move nap
rum support ukr move gal
ser hold
sev support rum
stp support war move mos
tus hold
tys move tun
ukr move gal
war move mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: army/dislodged mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
remove pic
build Army rom
build Army vie
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
ber move sil
bla move con
bre move par
bul support ion move gre
edi move cly
eng support nth move lon
gal support rum move bud
ion move gre
iri move lvp
kie move mun
lvn hold
mun move boh
nth move lon
pru support ber move sil
rum move bud
sev support rum
stp hold
swe move bal
tun move ion
tys support tun move ion
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army/dislodged lon
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
bud support gal move vie
bul move ser
con move aeg
gal move vie
gre support con move aeg
ion move gre
nap move rom
rom move tus
sev move mos
tus move pie
tys move ion
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Fleet nap
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move arm
bal hold
boh hold
bud support bul move ser
bul move ser
cly move nat
con move bul
eng move mid
gre support aeg move ion
ion hold
lon move eng
lvn support stp move mos
lvp move iri
mar move spa
mun support boh
nap support ion
par hold
pie move mar
pru move war
rom move ven
sil support pru move war
smy move eas
stp move mos
tus move pie
tys support ion
vie move tri
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Austria: army/dislodged mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Austria: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Italy: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Germany: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
arm move sev
bal convoy lvn move kie
boh move tyr
bud move vie
bul move ser
eas move ion
eng move wal
gre support eas move ion
ion hold
lvn move kie via convoy
mid move wes
mar move spa
mos hold
mun move bur
nat move mid
nap support ion
par move gas
ser move tri
sev move rum
sil move mun
spa move por
tri move tyr
tys move gol
war hold
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Austria: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
ion move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal convoy kie move lvn
ber move sil
boh support mun move tyr
bul move rum
bur support gas move mar
con move bul
gas move mar
gre support aeg move ion
ion move adr
kie move lvn via convoy
gol move tys
mid move wes
mos support war move ukr
mun move tyr
pie move ven
por move spa
rum move bud
ser move alb
smy move aeg
spa move mar
tun move ion
ven move rom
vie move tyr
wal move lvp
war move ukr
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
Germany: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move ion
alb move tri
bal move den
boh support sil move gal
bud support vie
bul move rum
bur move mar
ion move tys
lvn move war
lvp hold
gol move tys
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos move sev
nap support rom
rom support ven
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
sil move gal
tri move ven
tyr hold
ukr support mos move sev
ven support rom
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Italy: army por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Army mun
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
Germany: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: fleet lvp
Germany: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
