PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move gas
rom move tus
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
France: army gas
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tus
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bot move swe
bre move eng
bul move rum
bur move par
con move bul
gas move spa
ion move tun
kie move den
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move nwy
sev move rum
spa move por
tus move pie
ukr support sev move rum
ven hold
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Army bre
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Fleet sev
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ber move kie
bla support bul move rum
bul move rum
con support bul
den hold
eng support yor move bel
gre move alb
hol move bel
kie move ruh
lon hold
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move ion
nth convoy yor move bel
nwy move ska
par move gas
pie move mar
por move spa
rum move bla
ser support bul move rum
sev support rum move bla
smy move aeg
spa move mar
swe support nth move den
tun move wes
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie hold
war move gal
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bla move bul/ec
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
alb move adr
bel hold
bla move con
bre move par
bur support pie move mar
con move ank
den hold
eng move bre
gal move rum
gas move par
hol support ruh move bel
ion move gre
kie support den
lon move nth
nth move den
pie move mar
por support spa
ruh move bel
ser move tri
sev support gal move rum
ska support nth move den
spa support por
swe support nth move den
tri hold
ukr support gal move rum
vie move bud
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
England: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move pic
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Army con
build Army lon
build Fleet nap
remove por
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support bud move tri
aeg support ser move gre
ank support con
bel support bur
ber move bal
bla support rum move bul
bre support spa move gas
bud move tri
bul/ec hold
bur support gas move par
con support bul/ec
den move hel
eng support pic move bel
gas move par
gre support nap move ion
hol support bel
kie support ber move bal
mar support wes move spa
mos move sev
nap move ion
nth support pic move bel
pic move bel
rom move ven
rum move bul
ser support bud move tri
sev move arm
ska move den
spa move gas
swe move bal
tri move vie
ukr move gal
ven move tyr
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg support bul/ec
ank hold
arm support sev move ank
bal move den
bel hold
bla convoy sev move ank
bre support gas move par
bul/ec hold
bur support par
con support ank
den move kie
eng support bel
gal move bud
gas move par
hel move hol
hol support ruh move bel
ion move adr
kie support hol
mar move spa
nth support bel
par support bur
ruh move bel
rum support gal move bud
ser move gre
sev move ank via convoy
spa/sc move por
swe move bal
tri move ven
tyr move tri
ven support tyr move tri
vie support tyr move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move alb
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
remove alb
remove bur
build Army edi
remove eng
remove gas
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
ank move smy
arm move ank
bal move den
bel support edi move hol
bla support rum move bul
bre move par
bud hold
bul/ec move bla
con move bul
den move kie
edi move hol via convoy
gre support tri move alb
hel support edi move hol
hol support kie move hel
ion move eas
kie move hel
mos move war
nap move ion
nth convoy edi move hol
par move bur
por move mid
ruh move bur
rum move bul
sev move ukr
spa move gas
tri move alb
ven move tri
vie hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Italy: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
alb move ser
ank support bla move con
bal support kie move den
bel move ruh
bla move con
bre move pic
bud support alb move ser
bul support bla move con
con support aeg move bul
den support hel move kie
eas support ion move aeg
gas move bur
gre support ion move aeg
hel move kie
hol support hel move kie
ion move aeg
kie move den
mid support par move bre
nth move eng
par move bre
ruh move hol
ser move rum
smy move ank
swe move bal
tri support alb move ser
ukr move rum
vie support tri
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
kie disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army edi
build Fleet lvp
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
remove pic
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move smy
ank support bla move con
bal move kie
bel support hol move ruh
ber support bal move kie
bla move con
bre move pic
bud support ukr move rum
bul support bla move con
bur hold
con support smy move ank
den support kie
eas move smy
eng convoy lon move pic
gal support bud
gre move bul/sc
hol move ruh
kie support den
lon move pic via convoy
lvp move iri
mid hold
mos hold
nap move tys
rom move ven
ruh support bal move kie
ser move rum
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
swe support stp/sc move bot
tri move vie
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
vie move bud
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Germany: army/dislodged ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army/dislodged smy
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ruh move mun
smy move arm
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ser move bul
ank support bul move con
arm support con move ank
bal move kie
bel move bur
ber support bal move kie
bla support bul move con
bot move bal
bud move vie
bul move con
bur move gas
con move ank
den support kie
edi move yor
eng support iri move mid
gal support bud move vie
gre move bul/sc
iri move mid
kie move ber
mid hold
mos move sev
mun support bal move kie
ruh move mun
ser support gre move bul
smy hold
swe support bot move bal
tri move bud
tyr move boh
tys move wes
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
vie support tri move bud
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: fleet/dislodged mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
kie move hel
mid move por
vie move tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove arm
build Fleet rom
build Army ven
remove yor
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
England: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul/sc move con
ank hold
bal move ber
ber move kie
bla support con move bul
boh move gal
bre move par
bud support ser move rum
bul/sc move con
bur move par
con move bul
den support hel move kie
eng support mid move bre
gal support vie move bud
gas move mar
hel move kie
kie move hol
mid move bre
mun support ber move kie
por support wes move spa
rom move tys
ruh support hel move kie
rum move ser
ser move rum
sev move arm
smy support bul/sc move con
swe move bal
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
ven move tyr
vie move bud
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Germany: army/dislodged bre
England: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move pic
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
ank hold
arm move ank
bal move ber
ber move kie
bla support arm move ank
boh move sil
bud support ser move rum
bur move par
con support aeg move bul
den move hel
eng convoy lon move bel
gal support rum move bud
hol support pic move bel
kie support bal move ber
lon move bel via convoy
mar move bur
mun support ber move kie
pic move bel
por move mid
ruh support lon move bel
rum move bud
ser move rum
smy support con
spa/sc support por move mid
swe hold
tri move vie
tyr support mun
tys move wes
vie move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Russia: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
kie move den
rum move ukr
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove hol
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
build Army sev
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Russia: fleet ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bla support ank move con
bre support par move pic
bud move gal
bul/sc move con
bur support pic move par
con move bul/ec
den support hel move kie
eng convoy lon move bel
gal move bud
hel move kie
kie move ber
lon move bel via convoy
lvp move iri
mid move nat
mun support kie move ber
nap move tys
par move pic
pic move par
rom move ven
ruh support hel move kie
rum move sev
sev move rum
sil move pru
smy support bul/sc move con
spa/sc move mid
tri move ser
tyr move boh
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tyr
vie support tyr move boh
wes support spa/sc move mid
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: fleet/dislodged ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move bal
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Germany: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bal move ber
bel move pic
ber support mun move kie
bla support rum
boh move sil
bre support iri move mid
bud support vie move gal
bul/sc hold
bur support pic move par
con move bla
den support kie
eng support iri move mid
gal move bud
iri move mid
kie support bal move ber
mid move nat
mun move kie
nat move nrg
par support bel move pic
pic move par
pru support ber
ruh move hol
rum support gal move bud
ser move rum
smy hold
swe hold
tyr move boh
tys move wes
ukr move war
ven move tyr
vie move gal
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
England: army/dislodged par
England: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move ukr
par move gas
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
Italy: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
Italy: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support con
bal move lvn
ber support pru
bla support rum
boh move sil
bre support eng move mid
bud support ser move rum
bul/sc move aeg
bur move mar
con move bul/ec
den move nth
edi move nrg
eng move mid
gal support ser move rum
gas support pic move par
hol support kie
kie hold
mid move por
mun move bur
nat move lvp
nrg move nwy
par support mun move bur
pic move par
pru move lvn
rum support ukr
ser move rum
sil move pru
smy move con
swe move bal
tyr move pie
tys move wes
ukr support war
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Italy: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move sev
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Italy: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank move smy
bal move lvn
ber move kie
bla move rum
boh move gal
bre move eng
bud support rum
bul/ec move bla
bur move ruh
con support bul/ec move bla
gal move ukr
gas support mid move spa
hol move bel
kie support bal move ber
lvp hold
mid move spa/sc
mar support spa/sc
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
nwy hold
pie support mar
por support mid move spa
pru move war
rum support gal move ukr
sev support bla move rum
sil support pru move war
spa/sc hold
swe support nrg move nwy
ukr support war
wes support spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Russia: fleet/dislodged bla
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Italy: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
Germany: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
Italy: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bla move arm
nwy move stp/nc
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet arm
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvn
Italy: fleet lvp
Italy: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
Italy: supply spa
Italy: fleet spa/sc
Italy: supply stp
Italy: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
