PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri hold
ven move pie
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bot move swe
bul move gre
bur move mar
con move bul
den move swe
edi move nwy
eng move bre
ion move tun
kie move hol
mid move bre
nth convoy edi move nwy
pie move mar
ruh move mun
ser hold
sev move bla
spa hold
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet con
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army smy
build Army stp
build Army ven
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move mun
bot move swe
bud support ser move rum
bul support ser move rum
bur move mar
con support ank move bla
den move swe
eng move mid
gre support bul
hol move ruh
kie move den
lon move eng
mid move iri
mun move tyr
nth move bel
nwy hold
pie move tyr
rum move bud
ser move rum
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp move fin
tri hold
tun move ion
tyr move boh
ven support pie move tyr
vie support tri
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
ber support kie move mun
bla support arm move sev
boh move vie
bot support fin move swe
bre move eng
bud support tri
bul support gre
con move aeg
den move swe
eng support mid move bre
fin move swe
gal support boh move vie
gre support bul
ion move adr
iri move lvp
kie move mun
mid move bre
mar move spa
mun move tyr
nwy move stp
ruh move bur
rum support arm move sev
sev move rum
spa move por
tri move ven
tyr move tri
ukr support gal
ven support tyr move tri
vie support mun move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
France: fleet/dislodged bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: fleet/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move gas
tri move alb
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bot
build Army con
build Fleet edi
build Army lon
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army rom
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg support con move bul
alb move tri
bel move nth
ber move pru
bla support bul move rum
bre hold
bud support alb move tri
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move bul
den move swe
edi move cly
eng support bre
gal support ukr move rum
gas move mid
gre support con move bul
lon move yor
lvp move cly
mun move sil
nap move ion
par move bre
por move spa
rom move ven
rum move ser
sev support bul move rum
spa move mar
stp move nwy
swe move nwy
tri move bud
tyr move pie
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie support tri move bud
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg support gre
alb support ser move tri
bla support rum
bre hold
bud support tri move ser
bul support rum
bur move mar
den move swe
edi move cly
eng support bre
gal move war
ion move gre
lvp hold
mid move bre
nth convoy yor move nwy
par move bur
pie support bur move mar
por move spa
pru move war
ser move tri
sev support rum
sil support pru move war
spa move mar
stp move mos
swe move den
tri move ser
ukr support gal move war
ven move pie
vie support bud
yor move nwy
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army con
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Army nap
build Army rom
remove swe
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
England: fleet cly
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy nap move tri
aeg support gre
bla support bul move rum
bre hold
bud support ser
bul move rum
bur support pie move mar
cly move lvp
con move bul
den move swe
edi support cly move lvp
eng move wal
gal support ukr move rum
gre support con move bul
ion move gre
lvp move cly
mid move bre
mos move ukr
nap move tri
nth move bel
nwy move swe
par move bur
pie move mar
por move spa
pru move war
rom move ven
rum move ukr
ser support bud
sev support rum move ukr
sil support pru move war
spa move gas
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
vie move boh
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
France: fleet/dislodged lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lvp move iri
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support nap move alb
aeg move gre
bel hold
bla support sev
boh move mun
bre hold
bud support ser
bul support gre move ser
bur move mun
con support bul
den hold
edi move yor
gal move sil
gas move mar
gre move ser
ion convoy nap move alb
iri move eng
lvp hold
mid support iri move eng
mar move spa
mos support war
nap move alb
nwy move swe
par move bur
rum support gre move ser
ser support rum
sev support rum
sil support bur move mun
spa support gas move mar
tyr support boh move mun
ukr move rum
ven move tri
wal move iri
war support sil
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
Germany: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
mar move pie
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
remove eng
remove gal
build Fleet lon
remove ukr
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg support gre
alb support ser
bel hold
bla convoy con move rum
bre hold
bud support ser
bul move ser
bur move mun
con move rum
den move kie
edi move nth
gre hold
ion hold
iri move mid
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mid support par move bre
mar move bur
mos hold
mun support mar move bur
par move bre
pie move tyr
rum move ukr
ser support bud
sev support con move rum
sil support bur move mun
spa move mar
swe hold
tri support ven move tyr
tyr move boh
ven move tyr
war move gal
yor move lon
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ber
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb support ser
bel move hol
ber support tyr move mun
bla support rum
boh move sil
bre hold
bud support ser
bul move ser
bur support tyr move mun
eng move mid
gal move war
gre hold
ion move tys
iri support eng move mid
kie support sil move ber
lon move nwy
lvp move wal
mid move eng
mar hold
mos hold
mun hold
nth convoy lon move nwy
par move bre
pie move tus
rum support bud move gal
ser hold
sev move mos
sil move ber
swe move den
tri move vie
tyr move mun
ukr support sev move mos
ven hold
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Italy: army/dislodged ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
England: army/dislodged mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
ber move pru
mid move por
mos move stp
mun move boh
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove ber
remove kie
build Army lon
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support ser
bla support rum
boh support war move gal
bud support ser
bul support gre
bur move pic
den move kie
gre support bul
hol support den move kie
iri move mid
lon move bel
mid move wes
mar move spa
mos support ukr move war
mun move kie
nth convoy lon move bel
nwy move stp
par move bre
por move mid
pru support sil move war
rum support bul
ser support bud
sil move war
smy move aeg
stp move lvn
tys move rom
ukr move war
ven hold
vie hold
wal move eng
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support ser
bel move pic
bla move con
boh move vie
bre support bel move pic
bud support ser
bul move rum
eng move mid
gal support boh move vie
gre move bul
hol support kie
ion move tun
iri support eng move mid
kie hold
lvn move mos
mos support sil move war
mun support pru move ber
nth move bel
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
por move mid
pru move ber
rum move gal
ser support bud
sil move war
spa hold
stp support lvn move mos
tus move rom
ukr support sil move war
vie support rum move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
England: fleet/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Turkey: army/dislodged mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move eng
mos move sev
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove boh
remove con
build Army edi
remove gal
build Fleet mar
build Fleet nap
remove tus
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support ser
bel move nth
ber move kie
bre support par
bud support ser
bul move rum
eng support mid move bre
hol support kie
ion move tun
iri move mid
kie hold
mid move bre
mar move gol
mos move war
mun support ber move kie
nap support rom move tys
par support bre
pic move par
por move mid
rom move tys
rum move gal
sev move mos
stp support mos
ukr support sev move mos
ven move adr
vie move tyr
war support sev move mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
France: army/dislodged bre
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
England: army/dislodged mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move gas
mos move lvn
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move ion
alb support ser
ber move kie
bud support tyr move vie
edi move nwy
eng support bre
gal move war
gas support par move bre
gre move bul
hol support kie
ion move tun
iri support wes move mid
kie hold
lvn move pru
gol move spa/sc
mos support war move lvn
mun support ber move kie
nap support adr move ion
nth convoy edi move nwy
par move bre
pic move par
por move mid
rum move bul
ser support bud
spa move mar
stp hold
tyr move vie
tys move tun
ukr support mos
war hold
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
ion move eas
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
remove mar
build Army ven
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb support ion move gre
ber hold
bre hold
bud support ser move rum
con move bul
eng support bre
gal move sil
gas move bur
hol move bel
ion move gre
iri move mid
kie support pru move ber
mid move spa/nc
mos move lvn
mun support ber
nap move ion
nth move den
nwy move stp
par support gas move bur
pic move bur
por move mid
pru move ber
rum move sev
ser move rum
spa/sc support por move mid
stp move lvn
tys support nap move ion
ukr move mos
ven move tri
vie move gal
war support vie move gal
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: army/dislodged gre
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
gre move ser
mid move gas
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support ser move gre
alb support tri move ser
bel hold
ber support mun
bre support eng move mid
bud support rum
bul support ser move gre
bur support par move pic
den move bal
eas move ion
eng move mid
gal move ukr
gas hold
gre move bul/sc
ion move gre
iri hold
kie support pru move ber
mos support sil move war
mun support ber
nwy move swe
par move pic
pic move par
pru move ber
rum support gre move bul/sc
ser move gre
sev move rum
sil move war
spa/sc support mid
stp hold
tri move ser
tys move ion
ukr support sil move war
war move sil
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Italy: army/dislodged war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Army nap
build Army ven
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: army swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb support nap move gre
bal move ber
bel support eng move pic
ber move kie
bre hold
bud move rum
bul support gre
bur support pic move bel
eas move ion
eng move pic
gal move ukr
gas move mid
gre support bul
ion convoy nap move gre
iri support gas move mid
kie support bal move ber
mos support war
mun support ber move kie
nap move gre
pic move bel
pru support bal move ber
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev move rum
spa/sc support mid
stp hold
swe move fin
tys support ion
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tyr
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
England: fleet/dislodged bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Italy: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
England: army/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
bel move hol
kie move den
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Italy: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: army fin
Italy: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
alb support nap move gre
ber support den move kie
bre hold
bud move rum
bul support sev move rum
bur support bel
den move kie
eas move ion
fin move stp
gal move ukr
gas support iri move mid
gre support bul
hol support den move kie
ion convoy nap move gre
iri move mid
kie support bel move hol
lon move wal
mos support war
mun support kie
nap move gre via convoy
pic move bel
pru support ber
rum move bul
ser support nap move gre
sev move rum
spa/sc support mid
stp move lvn
tyr move boh
tys support ion
ukr move gal
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
Italy: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army/dislodged gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
Italy: army/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Italy: army/dislodged rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
gal move sil
kie move ruh
rum move ukr
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
build Army par
remove ruh
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move bul
alb move ser
bel support bur move pic
ber hold
boh move vie
bre support gas move mid
bud support ser move rum
bul move rum
bur move pic
con move bul
eas move ion
gal move vie
gas move mid
gre move bul
hol support pic move bel
ion move aeg
iri move eng
kie support ber
lvn move mos
mos move ukr
par support bur move pic
pic move bel
pru move war
rum move sev
ser move rum
sil move gal
spa/sc support mid
stp support lvn move mos
tys move ion
ukr support ser move rum
war support mos move ukr
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army/dislodged bel
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
bel move ruh
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul
bel hold
ber support kie
boh move vie
bre hold
bud support rum
con support bul
eas move ion
eng support bre
gal move ukr
gas move mid
gre move bul
hol support bel
ion move aeg
kie hold
mid support pic move bre
mos hold
mun move kie
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
pru support ber
rum support gre move bul
ser support gre move bul
sev support gal move ukr
sil move gal
spa/sc support mid
stp support mos
tys move ion
ukr move sev
wal hold
war support gal move ukr
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
remove eas
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
remove ruh
build Army ven
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
England: army wal
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bel move pic
ber move bal
bre support bel move pic
bud support rum
bul hold
edi move nth
eng support bre
gal move ukr
gas move mid
hol move bel
ion move eas
kie hold
lvp move iri
mid move spa/nc
mos hold
mun move ber
nap move ion
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
pru move ber
rom move tys
rum support gal move ukr
ser support bul
sev support war move mos
spa/sc move mid
stp support mos
tys move wes
ukr support war move mos
ven move tyr
vie move gal
wal move lon
war move mos
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army/dislodged pic
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
pic move bur
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
England: fleet gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support pru move ber
bel support pic
bre support eng move mid
bud move gal
bul move con
bur move gas
con move bul
eas move smy
eng move mid
gal move ukr
gas move spa/nc
ion move gre
iri support eng move mid
kie hold
lon move hol
mos hold
mun move ber
nth convoy lon move hol
par support bur move gas
pic hold
pru move ber
rum support ukr move sev
ser support ion move gre
spa/sc support mid
stp move lvn
tyr move boh
tys move tun
ukr move sev
wes support mid
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Turkey: fleet/dislodged gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gre move aeg
mid move nat
sev move arm
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove aeg
build Army edi
build Fleet nap
build Army ven
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal move kie
bel move hol
ber support kie move mun
boh support mun
bre hold
bul support smy move con
edi move den
gal move war
gas move spa
gre move aeg
hol move ruh
iri move eng
kie move mun
lvn support mos
mid move por
mos hold
mun hold
nat move nrg
nap move tys
nth convoy edi move den
par move bre
pic support bre
rum move gal
ser move bud
sev move mos
smy move con
spa/sc move por
tun move naf
ukr support gal move war
ven move tyr
wes move mid
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Turkey: army/dislodged war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
con move ank
war move pru
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank hold
bal move swe
ber hold
boh support mun
bre move gas
bud move gal
bul move con
con move ank
den move kie
eng move bre
gal move sil
gas move spa
hol move nth
kie move ruh
lvn move war
mid move spa/nc
mos support lvn move war
mun hold
naf move mid
nth move edi
nrg move nwy
par move bre
pic support eng move bre
pru support lvn move war
ruh move bur
sev move mos
spa/sc move por
tyr support mun
tys move gol
ukr support war
war support gal move sil
wes support naf move mid
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
England: fleet/dislodged mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Turkey: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move iri
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
remove lvn
build Army mar
remove pru
build Fleet rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
England: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber support bur move mun
boh support mun
bre hold
bul move con
bur move mun
con move bla
edi move nrg
eng support bre
gal move war
gas move spa
iri move nat
kie support bur move mun
gol support ven move pie
mid hold
mar support gas move spa
mos hold
mun hold
nth move nwy
nwy move swe
pic support bre
por support gas move spa
rom move tys
ruh support bur move mun
sev move mos
sil support mun
smy support bul move con
swe support nth move nwy
tyr support mun
ukr support sev move mos
ven move pie
war move lvn
wes support mid
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
England: army/dislodged mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
France: fleet/dislodged nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
mos move stp
nwy move stp/nc
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ber move pru
bla support con move ank
boh support mun
bre hold
bur move gas
con move ank
eng support nat move iri
kie support ruh move mun
lvn support mos move stp
gol hold
mid move iri
mar support spa
mos move stp
mun hold
nat move iri
nrg move nat
par move bre
pic support bre
pie hold
por support spa
ruh move mun
sil support mun
smy hold
spa support mar
swe move fin
tyr support mun
tys move wes
ukr move mos
war support ukr move mos
wes move naf
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Turkey: army/dislodged ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
England: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Italy: army stp
England: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Italy: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Italy: army mos
Italy: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
England: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
England: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
