PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ber move kie
bre move pic
bud move ser
edi move nrg
kie move hol
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move rum
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bot move swe
bud move tri
con move bul
gal move bud
hol move bel
ion move tun
kie move den
mun move tyr
nth convoy yor move den
nrg move nwy
par move bur
pic move bel
rum hold
smy move arm
spa hold
tyr move boh
ukr support rum
ven move tyr
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet con
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Army par
build Army rom
build Army sev
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
ber move bal
bla support bul move rum
boh support ven move tyr
bud support bul move ser
bul move rum
bur support pic move bel
con move bul/ec
gre move alb
hol move bel
kie move den
lon move nth
mos support rum move sev
mun move bur
nth move hel
nwy move ska
par move pic
pic move bel
rom move ven
rum move sev
ser support bul move rum
sev move ukr
spa move por
tri move bud
tun move ion
ukr move gal
ven move tyr
vie support tri move bud
war support ukr move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move sev
bal move swe
bla support rum
boh support tyr move mun
bud support vie move gal
bul/ec support rum
bur support pic move bel
den move kie
hel move kie
hol move bel
mun move kie
nth convoy yor move den
par move pic
pic move bel
por hold
rum support arm move sev
ser move tri
ska support yor move den
tyr move mun
ven move tyr
vie move gal
yor move den via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
mun move ber
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Army lon
build Army mar
build Fleet smy
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal convoy ber move lvn
bel move eng
ber move lvn via convoy
bla move con
boh move sil
bre move mid
bud move rum
bul/ec move bla
bur move par
con move bul
den move kie
gal support bud move rum
hel support lon move hol
hol move kie
ion move eas
lon move hol via convoy
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun support boh move sil
nth convoy lon move hol
pic move bre
por move spa
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
ska move den
smy move aeg
swe move bal
tri move ser
tyr move boh
ukr support mos move sev
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: fleet/dislodged hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
hol move bel
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bal move kie
bel move hol
bla support rum
boh move sil
bre move wal via convoy
bud support gal move rum
bul support rum
bur move bel
con support bul
den support hel move kie
eng convoy bre move wal
gal move rum
gre move bul/sc
hel move kie
hol support bel
lvn move stp
mid move iri
mos move sev
mun support sil move ber
nth move lon
par move pic
rum support sev
ser support gal move rum
sev support rum
sil move ber
ska move nth
spa move gas
swe move bot
ukr support mos move sev
ven move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
remove bel
build Army edi
remove gas
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet nap
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal move swe
ber support sil move pru
bla support bul
bot move swe
bud move tri
bul hold
bur support pic move bel
con move aeg
den support kie
eas move aeg
edi support lvp
eng move lon
gal move bud
gre support eas move aeg
hol move bel
iri move lvp
kie hold
lon support nth move eng
lvp hold
mun move boh
nap move ion
nth move eng
pic move bel
rum move gal
ser support bud move tri
sev move rum
sil move pru
smy support con move aeg
stp move nwy
tri move alb
ukr move mos
ven move tyr
vie support bud move tri
wal support iri move lvp
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
eng move bre
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move syr via convoy
bal move swe
bel hold
ber support tyr move mun
bla support bul move rum
boh support gal
bot move swe
bre move eng
bud move ser
bul move rum
bur move ruh
con move aeg
den support bot move swe
eas convoy alb move syr
edi support lvp
eng move mid
gal support pru move war
hol move bel
ion convoy alb move syr
iri move lvp
kie hold
lon hold
mos move stp
nwy support bal move swe
pru move war
rum support bud move ser
ser support vie move bud
smy support con move aeg
tri support vie move bud
tyr move mun
vie move bud
wal support iri move lvp
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Germany: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Italy: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move sev
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army con
remove den
build Army mar
build Army mos
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move eas
bel support ruh move hol
ber support mun move kie
bla support rum move bul
boh move sil
bot move swe
bud support ser move rum
con support smy
eas move smy
eng move lon
gal support bud move rum
gre move bul/sc
ion move aeg
iri move lvp
mar move spa
mos support sev
mun move kie
nwy move swe
ruh move hol
rum move bul
ser move rum
sev hold
smy support aeg move eas
stp move nwy
syr support eas move smy
tri move alb
wal move yor
war support gal move ukr
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Italy: fleet/dislodged eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
eas move ion
kie move den
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb move ser
ber support kie
bla support bul
bot hold
bud support rum
bul hold
con move smy
den move kie
eas support smy move aeg
edi move yor
eng support yor move lon
gal support rum
gre move bul/sc
hol hold
ion move eas
iri move wal
kie hold
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mid move bre
mos support sev
nwy move swe
rum support gre move bul
sev hold
sil move pru
smy move aeg
spa hold
stp move nwy
syr support aeg move smy
war hold
yor move lon
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
England: supply kie
France: army lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
lon move nth
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove den
remove eas
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel hold
ber move kie
bla move arm
bot move swe
bre hold
bud support rum
bul move con
con move ank
eng support par move bre
gal move ukr
gre support ser move bul
hol hold
ion move aeg
iri move wal
kie move den
lon move yor
mos support sev
nap move ion
nth move lon
nwy support bot move swe
par move bre
pru move lvn
rum support ser move bul
ser move bul
sev hold
smy move con
swe move den
syr move arm
ven move tyr
vie move gal
wal move lvp
war support pru move lvn
yor support nth move lon
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
England: fleet/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army/dislodged swe
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bre move mid
swe move fin
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move con
bel move lon
ber move kie
bla move arm
bre hold
bud move gal
bul support aeg move con
eng support bel move lon
fin support lvn move stp
gal move ukr
ion move tys
kie move den
lon hold
lvn move stp
lvp hold
mid move por
mos support sev
nwy move stp
rum support ukr move sev
sev support mos
smy support aeg move con
spa hold
syr move arm
tyr move mun
ukr move sev
wal move lvp
war move mos
yor support wal move lvp
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Italy: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
France: fleet/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Italy: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
lvp move iri
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Italy: army den
Italy: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army bud
remove fin
build Fleet nap
build Fleet rom
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Italy: army den
Italy: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel move lon
bre move wal via convoy
con move bla
den support kie
eng convoy bre move wal
gre move alb
iri move lvp
kie support den
lon support lvp move wal
lvp move wal
mos move stp
mun move sil
nap move ion
nwy support mos move stp
por move mid
rom move tys
rum move sev
sev move mos
smy move con
spa hold
stp hold
swe move den
syr move arm
tys move wes
ukr support sev move mos
ven move tyr
war move lvn
yor move lvp
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Italy: army den
Italy: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Italy: army/dislodged stp
Italy: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
stp move fin
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Italy: army den
Italy: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Italy: army fin
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Italy: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Italy: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move smy
bel move lon via convoy
bla move ank
bre hold
bud move rum
bul move gre
con support bla move ank
den move swe
eng convoy bel move lon
fin support den move swe
gal move war
hol hold
ion move tys
iri move lvp
kie move den
lon move eng
lvn move stp
mid move por
mos support lvn move stp
nwy support stp
sev support mos
sil move war
spa hold
stp move mos
swe move den
syr move smy
tyr move mun
tys move wes
ukr support gal move war
wal support lon move eng
wes move mid
yor move lvp
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army/dislodged ank
Italy: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Italy: army den
Italy: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: fleet/dislodged eng
Italy: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
Italy: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Italy: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move arm
eng move pic
swe disband
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Italy: army den
Italy: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
Italy: army swe
Italy: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army bud
build Army tri
build Army ven
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Italy: army den
Italy: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Italy: army stp
Italy: supply stp
Italy: army swe
Italy: supply swe
Italy: army syr
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel move lon
bre hold
bud move rum
den move kie
eng move mid
fin support swe
hol hold
iri move lvp
mid support spa move por
mos move stp
pic move eng
rum move bul
sev move mos
spa move por
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
syr move smy
tys move ion
ukr move sev
wal hold
yor move lvp
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Italy: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army fin
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: army mun
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Italy: supply stp
Italy: army swe
Italy: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move ion
ank move con
bel move pic
bre hold
bul move gre
con move aeg
eng move mid
fin move swe
gre move alb
hol move bel
ion move tys
iri support pic move eng
kie hold
mid move wes
mun move bur
pic move eng
por hold
rum move bul
sev move rum
sil move ber
spa move por
swe move den
ven move pie
wal move eng
wes move gol
yor move lvp
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Italy: army den
Italy: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: army nwy
Italy: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Italy: army swe
Italy: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Austria: army alb
Italy: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Italy: army ber
Italy: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Italy: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Italy: army den
Italy: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Italy: army kie
Italy: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Italy: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Italy: army nwy
Italy: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Italy: army smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
Italy: army swe
Italy: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: fleet wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
