PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
lon move nth
lvp move edi
mar move spa
mos move stp
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move tyr
vie move tri
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
ank move con
ber move boh via convoy
bot move swe
bul move gre
con move bul
edi move nwy via convoy
ion move adr
kie hold
mid move por
mun move boh
nth convoy edi move nwy
nrg support edi move nwy
pic move bel
ser support tri
spa hold
stp move nwy
tri support adr move ven
tyr move vie
ven move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1901 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ven move tyr
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet lon
build Army mar
build Army mos
build Army par
build Army smy
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr move apu
bel move hol
ber move mun
boh move tyr
bre move eng
bud move vie
con move aeg
kie support ber
lon move eng
mar move pie
mos move stp
nth support lon move eng
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
par move bur
por move mid
ser support tri
sil support war move pru
smy move con
spa move mar
stp move fin
swe move den
tri support bud move vie
tyr support vie
ven support tri
vie support tyr
war move pru
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
vie move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move con
apu support tyr move ven
boh move sil
bre move eng
bul move gre
bur move bel
con move bul
den hold
eng move bel
fin support stp move nwy
gal move war
gre move alb
hol support bur move bel
mid move wes
mar move bur
mun support boh
nth support eng move bel
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
pie support tyr move ven
pru move ber
ser support tri move bud
sil support pru move ber
stp move nwy
tri move bud
tyr move ven
ven hold
vie support tri move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Austria: fleet/dislodged ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Italy: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ven move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army mos
build Fleet nap
build Army par
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Italy: army war
Italy: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu move nap
ber move kie
bre support par move pic
bud support ser move rum
bur move bel
den support ber move kie
eng move bre
fin move swe
hol support bur move bel
mar move bur
mos move war
nap move tys
nth support nwy
nrg move bar
par move pic
pie move tyr
ser move rum
sil move mun
stp move nwy
tri move adr
ven support pie move tyr
vie move tri
war move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: fleet/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: fleet/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
rum move bla
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
alb support gre move ser
bar support nwy move stp
bel support hol
bla move rum
bre move mid
bud move ser
bul support gre move ser
bur move mun
con support bul
den move nth
eng move mid
gal move bud
gre move ser
hol support bel
ion support alb
kie support sil move ber
mun hold
nap support tys move ion
nth move eng
nwy move bar
pic move bre
rum move ser
sil move ber
swe move nwy
tri move vie
tun hold
tyr support ven
tys move ion
ven support tyr move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Turkey: fleet/dislodged ion
Russia: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Italy: supply war
ORDERS
ion move gre
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove gal
build Fleet mar
build Army sev
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb support ser
bar support nwy move stp
bel support hol
ber move sil
bla support bul move rum
bre move mid
bud move ser
bul move rum
bur support tyr move mun
con move bul
den move nth
eng move nth
gre move aeg
hol support bel
ion move adr
kie move den
mar move gol
nap move ion
nth move nwy
nwy move stp
pic move bre
rum support bud move ser
ser support bul move rum
sev support bul move rum
smy move eas
swe move nwy
tri move alb
tun move wes
tyr move mun
ven move tri
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: army/dislodged rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
rum move ukr
stp move fin
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
aeg move gre
alb support ser
bar move nwy
bel support hol
bla move sev
bre hold
bud support tri
bul support rum
bur support mun
den move nth
eng move nth
fin support swe move nwy
gal support sil move war
hol support bel
ion move tun
kie move den
gol move wes
mid move iri
mun hold
nth move hel
ser support rum
sev move mos
sil move war
stp support bar move nwy
swe move nwy
tri hold
ukr move mos
ven move tri
vie support bud
wes move mid
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bla
build Fleet con
build Fleet lvp
build Fleet nap
remove tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: fleet den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven move tri
alb hold
bar move nwy
bel support hol
bud support vie move gal
bul move rum
bur move pic
con move aeg
den move ska
eas support gre move ion
eng support lvp move iri
fin support swe move nwy
gal move war
gre move ion
hel move nth
hol support bel
iri support mid move eng
kie move den
lvp move iri
mid move eng
mun move tyr
nap support tun move ion
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev support war move mos
stp support bar move nwy
swe move nwy
tun move ion
ukr support vie move gal
ven move tri
vie move gal
war move mos
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: army/dislodged bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bud move vie
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support tri
aeg move ion
alb hold
bar move nwy
bel support hol
bre hold
bud hold
eas support aeg move ion
eng support lvp move iri
fin move stp
gal support ukr move war
gre support aeg move ion
hol support bel
iri support mid move eng
lvp move iri
mid move eng
mos support fin move stp
nap move apu
nth support bar move nwy
pic hold
rum move gal
ser support bud
sev move ukr
ska support swe move nwy
stp support bar move nwy
swe move nwy
tri support vie move bud
tun move ion
tyr support tri
ukr move war
vie move bud
war hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
stp move lvn
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army con
remove gal
remove lvn
build Fleet nap
remove ukr
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
apu support tun move ion
bar move nrg
bel move hol
bre move pic
bud support rum move gal
con move bul
den hold
eas hold
eng move bel
gre support alb
hol move kie
ion move aeg
iri move wal
lvp hold
mid move bre
mos support stp
nap support tun move ion
nth move bel
pic move bel
rum move gal
ser support bud
sev move ukr
ska support swe move nwy
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri support vie move bud
tun move ion
tyr support tri
tys support tun move ion
vie move boh
war move sil
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
Russia: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri
alb move tri
apu support ion
boh move mun
bre hold
bud support gal move vie
bul move gre
den move kie
eng move bel
gal move vie
gre move alb
hol support kie
ion hold
kie support tyr move mun
lvp hold
mid move eng
mos move war
nap support ion
nth support eng move bel
nrg move nat
pic move bel
ser support alb move tri
sil move ber
ska support nwy
stp move lvn
tri hold
tyr move mun
tys move tun
ukr support mos move war
wal support mid move eng
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove apu
remove boh
build Army con
build Army mos
build Army par
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg support bul move gre
alb move tri
bel move eng
ber hold
bre hold
bud support alb move tri
bul move gre
con move bul
den hold
eng move mid
gre move alb
hol support pic move bel
ion hold
kie support hol
lvn move pru
lvp move wal
mos move war
nat move mid
nap support ion
nth move lon
nwy hold
par move pic
pic move bel
ser support alb move tri
ska move nth
tri move bud
tun move wes
tyr move ven
ukr move gal
vie support alb move tri
wal move lon
war move sil
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri move tyr
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg support eas move ion
alb support eas move ion
bel hold
bre hold
bud support tri
bul move rum
eas move ion
eng support wal move lon
gal move boh
hol hold
ion hold
kie move mun
lvp hold
nat move mid
nap support ion
nth move lon
pic support bel
ser support tri
sil support gal move boh
ska move nth
tri support vie move tyr
tyr move vie
ven hold
vie move tyr
wal move lon
wes move mid
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
England: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Italy: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
France: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tyr move pie
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet con
remove ion
build Fleet mar
remove nat
remove nap
build Army par
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move apu
aeg move ion
alb move adr
bel move hol
bre move wal via convoy
bud move vie
con move aeg
eas support aeg move ion
eng convoy bre move wal
hol move kie
lon support ska move nth
lvp move wal
mar move gol
mun hold
nth move lon
par move pic
pic move bel
pie support ven
ser move bud
ska move nth
tri support tyr
tyr support bud move vie
ven hold
war move lvn
wes move tys
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
nth move edi
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: fleet tys
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
apu move nap
bel support hol
bre hold
bud move gal
den move yor via convoy
edi move nth
eng convoy pic move wal
hol support kie
kie support mun
lon hold
lvn move stp
lvp move wal
gol move wes
mun hold
nth convoy den move yor
nwy move swe
pic move wal via convoy
pie support ven
rum move sev
tys move rom
ven hold
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet mar
build Army par
remove pie
remove swe
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Russia: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move ion
ank move arm
bel move bur
ber move pru
boh move gal
bre move par
eas support aeg move ion
edi hold
eng convoy pic move wal
gal move war
gre move alb
hol move ruh
ion move tys
kie support mun
lon move nth
lvp hold
mar move gol
mun hold
nap support rom move tys
nth move nrg
par move gas
pic move wal via convoy
pru move lvn
rom hold
sev move ukr
sil move war
stp move mos
tri support adr move ven
tyr support adr move ven
ven hold
vie support tyr
wes move tun
yor move edi
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
France: army/dislodged ven
Turkey: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
ven move pie
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: fleet ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
alb move tun via convoy
arm move sev
bur move mar
eas support ion
eng move mid
gal support ukr
gas support bur move mar
ion convoy alb move tun
kie hold
lvn support pru move war
lvp hold
gol support pie
mos support pru move war
mun support boh
nap support rom move tys
nth support nrg move edi
nrg move edi
par move bur
pie hold
pru move war
rom hold
ruh support mun
sil support boh
tri support tyr move ven
tun hold
tyr move ven
tys support alb move tun
ukr support arm move sev
ven move adr
vie support gal
wal move lon
yor support wal move lvp
PHASE 1909 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
England: fleet/dislodged edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
France: fleet/dislodged tun
France: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
edi move nrg
tun move wes
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
remove gas
remove nth
build Army stp
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
adr move apu
ank move arm
boh support mun move tyr
bur move mar
con move bul
eas move ion
edi move nth
gal support vie
ion support tys
kie hold
lon move wal
lvn support war
lvp hold
gol move tys
mid move naf
mar move pie
mun move tyr
nap support gol move tys
pie move tus
rom support pie move tus
ruh move mun
sev support ukr
sil move gal
stp support mos
tri move tyr
ukr support gal
ven support tri move tyr
vie support gal
war support sil move gal
wes support gol move tys
yor support lon move wal
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
Turkey: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
France: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
apu support ion
arm move sev
boh support mun move tyr
bul move ser
eas support ion
gal hold
ion support tun
kie move ber
lvn move war
lvp hold
mar move spa
mos support war move ukr
mun move tyr
naf move tun
nap support tys move ion
nth move eng
pie move ven
rom support nap
ruh move bur
sev move rum
sil move gal
stp support mos
tri support ven
tus support pie move ven
tys move ion
ukr support gal
ven support tri
vie support gal
wal move lvp
war move ukr
wes support naf move tun
yor support wal move lvp
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
France: army ber
Russia: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: fleet/dislodged lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
lvp move iri
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
Russia: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
remove iri
build Fleet mar
build Army par
remove yor
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Turkey: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
apu support ven
boh support tyr
bre move mid
bur move mun
con move aeg
eas support ion
gal support rum move ukr
ion hold
mar move gol
mos move sev
nap move apu
par move bur
pie move ven
rom support wes move tys
rum move ukr
ser move bud
sev support rum move ukr
sil move gal
spa move mar
stp move mos
tri support ven
tun support tys move ion
tus support pie move ven
tyr support pie move ven
tys move ion
ukr support mos move sev
ven hold
vie support gal
war support ukr
wes move tys
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
Turkey: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support ion
apu move nap
ber move pru
boh support sil move gal
bud move gal
bur move mar
con move bul
eas support ion
gal move ukr
ion support apu move nap
lvp move edi
gol move tys
mid move naf
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun support boh
nap support tys move ion
rom support nap
rum support gal move ukr
sev support gal move ukr
sil move gal
stp move mos
tri support vie
tun support tys move ion
tus support ven
tyr support ven
tys move ion
ukr support mos move sev
ven hold
vie support bud move gal
war support ukr
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Russia: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove eng
build Army par
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: fleet apu
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: army edi
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
apu support eas move ion
boh support sil move gal
bre move mid
bud support gal
bul move ser
eas move ion
edi move yor
gal support rum move ukr
ion move adr
gol move tys
mar support pie
mos move sev
mun support tyr
naf move tun
nap move apu
par move gas
pie support ven
pru move ber
rom support tys move nap
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
sil move gal
stp move mos
tri support vie
tun move ion
tus support ven
tyr hold
tys move nap
ukr support mos move sev
ven support nap move apu
vie support tri
war support ukr
wes move tun
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
France: army ber
France: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
France: army yor
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg support ion
apu support tun move ion
ber move kie
boh support sil move gal
bud move gal
gal move boh
gas move spa
ion support adr
mid move naf
mar move bur
mos support ukr move sev
mun support tyr
naf move tun
nap hold
pie move ven
rom support nap
rum support sev
ser support tri
sev support rum
sil move gal
stp move lvn
tri support vie
tun move ion
tus support pie move ven
tyr support ven move tri
tys support tun move ion
ukr move sev
ven move tri
vie support gal move boh
war support sil move gal
wes support naf move tun
yor move lon
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
Russia: army/dislodged boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move sil
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove apu
build Fleet mar
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: army kie
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg support ion
ank move arm
boh support tri move tyr
bud move gal
bur support mun
kie move den
lon hold
lvn support mos
mid move por
mar move gol
mos support ukr
mun support tyr
naf support tun
nap hold
pie support tyr
rom support nap
rum support sev
ser move tri
sev support rum
sil support gal
spa hold
tri move tyr
tun hold
tus support ven
tyr hold
tys support tun
ven support tyr
vie support tri move tyr
war support gal
wes support tun
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
Russia: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ion
aeg support ion
arm support sev
boh support bud move gal
bud move gal
bur hold
den hold
gal support ukr
lon hold
lvn move pru
gol hold
mos support ukr
mun support tyr
naf support tun
nap hold
pie support tyr
rom support nap
rum support bud move gal
ser support tri
sev support rum
sil move boh
spa hold
tri hold
tun hold
tus support ven
tyr hold
tys support tun
ukr support gal
ven support tyr
vie support bud move gal
war support gal
wes hold
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
France: supply bel
France: supply ber
Turkey: army boh
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
France: army den
France: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
France: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
France: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
France: army mun
France: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Turkey: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
France: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Turkey: army vie
Turkey: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
