PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move ukr
nap move tys
par move bur
rom hold
sev move rum
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move adr
ven move pie
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr hold
bla support con move bul
bot move swe
bul move gre
bur move mar
con move bul
gal move bud
kie move den
mid move por
mun hold
pie move mar
rum move sev
ser hold
tys convoy rom move tun
ukr move rum
vie hold
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army bre
build Army con
build Fleet kie
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Fleet smy
build Fleet stp/sc
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
ber move mun
bla hold
bre move pic
bud move tri
bul move ser
bur support spa move mar
con move bul
den move kie
gre support bul move ser
hol move bel
kie move den
mar move gol
mos move war
mun move tyr
pie move ven
por move mid
rom move tun via convoy
rum move bud
ser support vie move bud
sev hold
smy move aeg
spa move mar
stp/sc move bot
swe move nwy
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
adr move ven
aeg move ion
bla support bul move rum
bot move swe
bul move rum
gal move bud
gre move alb
kie move hol
gol support mar move pie
mid move nat
mar move pie
nwy hold
pie move ven
rom move tun via convoy
rum support gal move bud
ser support bul move rum
sev hold
tri hold
tyr support adr move ven
tys convoy rom move tun
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
Italy: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
pie move tus
rum move ukr
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army con
build Army mos
build Army smy
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move apu via convoy
bel support hol move nth
bla move sev
bur move mar
con move bul
gal move rum
hol move nth
ion convoy alb move apu
gol move wes
mos move sev
mun hold
nat move cly
nwy hold
pic move par
pie move ven
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev move arm
smy move arm
swe move ska
tri hold
tun move nap via convoy
tus move ven
tys convoy tun move nap
ukr support gal move rum
ven move adr
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
England: fleet/dislodged nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu move nap
bel move nth
ber move pru
bla support smy move arm
bul support ser
cly move lvp
den move swe
gal move bud
ion support apu move nap
mar move pie
mos move war
mun move sil
nth move lon
nwy hold
par move pic
pie move ven
rum hold
ser support bul
sev hold
ska hold
smy move arm
tri support gal move bud
tus move rom
tyr support pie move ven
tys support nap
ukr support rum
vie move bud
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet bre
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Army par
remove tys
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu move nap
arm move sev
ber move kie
bla support arm move sev
bre move eng
bud move ser
bul support ser move rum
ion support apu move nap
lvp move cly
mar move gol
mun move ruh
nap move apu
nth move edi
nwy support ska move swe
par move bur
pie move tus
pru support sil move war
rom move apu
rum move bul
ser move rum
sev hold
sil move war
ska move swe
tri support bud move ser
tun hold
tyr move boh
ukr support war
ven move rom
war hold
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: army/dislodged swe
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
rum move bud
swe move den
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Russia: army ukr
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
apu move ven
bla move rum
boh move gal
bud support ser move rum
bul support rum move ser
bur move mar
cly move nrg
ion move adr
kie move bal
lon move nth
gol move tys
nwy hold
pic move bur
pru support sil move war
rom support tus move ven
rum move ser
ser move rum
sev support bla move rum
sil move war
swe hold
tun support gol move tys
tus move ven
ukr support ser move rum
war hold
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
war move mos
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
remove apu
build Army ber
build Fleet bre
build Army con
build Army smy
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: army nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move tri
ank move arm
bal convoy ber move lvn
ber move lvn
bla support sev move rum
bre move eng
bud support ukr move gal
bul move gre
bur support ruh
con move bul
den move swe
edi move nrg
eng move iri
gal move ukr
mar move pie
mos move sev
nap move apu
nth support nrg move nwy
nrg move nwy
pru move war
rom hold
rum support mos move sev
sev move rum
smy move con
tun move ion
tys support tun move ion
ukr move gal
ven support vie move tri
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
Russia: fleet/dislodged nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Russia: army/dislodged tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
gal move boh
nwy move ska
rum move ser
tri move tyr
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: army rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy apu move alb
apu move alb via convoy
arm move sev
bal move swe
bla support arm move sev
boh move tyr
bul move ser
con move bul
den move swe
gre support bul move ser
ion support tys move nap
iri move nat
lvn move mos
nth move ska
nrg move nth
nwy move stp/nc
pie move tyr
rom move apu
rum move sev
tys move nap
ukr support lvn move mos
ven support pie move tyr
war support lvn move mos
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Russia: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Russia: army/dislodged tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bud
remove gal
build Army kie
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Army par
remove ska
remove swe
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ser move tri
alb support ser move tri
apu move nap
bal support den move swe
ber move mun
bla move con
boh support war move gal
bul move ser
bur move mar
den move swe
ion move eas
mar move gol
mos support ukr move sev
nat move mid
nap move ion
nth move bel
nrg move nwy
par move bur
rum support sev
ser move tri
sev support rum
stp/nc support nrg move nwy
tri support vie move bud
tyr support tri
ukr move sev
ven hold
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
gal disband
swe move fin
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: fleet fin
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
France: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tyr
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy alb move apu
alb move apu via convoy
boh move vie
con move smy
eas move smy
fin move bot
gal move rum
ion move aeg
gol move tys
mid move naf
mar move pie
mos hold
mun move sil
ruh move hol
rum support sev
ser support tri move bud
sev support rum
ska move nth
tri move bud
tyr move tri
ukr support gal move rum
ven support tyr move tri
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Russia: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bot
build Army kie
build Army mun
remove nth
build Army par
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
France: army nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: army swe
Germany: supply swe
France: army tri
France: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr convoy apu move alb
aeg support eas
apu move alb via convoy
bal move kie
bel move pic
ber move mun
bud move tri
bur move mar
con support smy
eas support aeg
gal move bud
kie move ruh
mos support ukr move sev
mun move tyr
naf move tun
nap move apu
nwy move stp/nc
par move bur
pie move tyr
rum support sev
ser support bud move tri
sev support rum
swe move fin
tri support vie move bud
tys move rom
ukr move sev
ven support nap move apu
vie support gal move bud
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army fin
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
France: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: supply stp
France: fleet stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
Turkey: army tri
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Germany: army ukr
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg move bul/sc
alb move gre
ber move sil
bud move rum
con move aeg
eas move smy
eng move bre
fin move stp
gre move bul
hol move bel
kie move hol
mos support ukr move sev
mun support ruh move bur
nwy support fin move stp
pic move bre
rom move nap
ruh move bur
rum support sev
ser support tri move bud
sev support rum
sil move gal
smy support con move aeg
tri move bud
tun move ion
ukr move sev
ven move tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet adr
France: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army apu
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Turkey: army bud
Turkey: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
France: fleet eas
Germany: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nap
France: supply nap
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
France: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Turkey: army ser
Turkey: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Germany: army stp
France: supply stp
France: fleet/dislodged stp/nc
Germany: supply swe
France: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army ven
France: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
