PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar move spa
mos move stp
mun move sil
nap move ion
par move pic
rom move ven
sev move rum
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
ven move tyr
vie move bud
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
bot move swe
bud move vie
bul move gre
den move swe
gal move bud
ion move gre
kie move hol
mid move por
nth convoy yor move hol
nrg move nwy
pic move bel
rum move sev
ser support tri
sil move mun
spa hold
stp move fin
tyr move mun
ven hold
yor move hol via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bre
build Army con
build Fleet lon
build Fleet mar
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army par
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
bel support kie move hol
bla support sev
bot move swe
bre hold
bud support ven move tri
bul move rum
con move bul
den hold
fin support bot move swe
ion move gre
kie move hol
lon move nth
mar move gol
mos move stp
mun move kie
nth move hel
nwy hold
par move pic
por move mid
rum move sev
ser support bul move rum
sev support bul move rum
sil move mun
smy move aeg
spa move mar
tyr move mun
ven move tyr
vie move bud
yor hold
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Italy: fleet gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bel support hol
bre move par
bud move rum
bul support aeg move gre
den move hel
fin move nwy
gre support ser move bul
hel hold
hol hold
kie support den
gol move tys
mid move wes
mar move pie
nth convoy yor move nwy
nwy move ska
pic hold
rum support ser move bud
ser move bud
sev move mos
sil move mun
stp support fin move nwy
swe support fin move nwy
tyr move mun
ven move tyr
vie support tri
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: fleet/dislodged gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bud disband
gre disband
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Fleet con
build Army mun
build Army rom
build Fleet smy
build Army war
remove yor
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move sev via convoy
bel support par move bur
bud move tri
bul move gre
con move aeg
den move nth
gre move ion
hel move den
kie support den
mos hold
mun move tyr
nth support hel move den
nwy support swe
par move bur
pic support bel
pie move tus
rom move nap
rum move ukr
ska support hel move den
smy move eas
stp move mos
swe support nwy
tri move adr
tyr move ven
tys move rom
ven move apu
vie support bud move tri
war support stp move mos
wes move tun
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Turkey: army/dislodged mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
den move bal
mos move sev
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
France: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg support eas move ion
ank move sev via convoy
apu support nap move rom
bal move den
bel support pic
bla convoy ank move sev
bur move gas
den hold
eas move ion
gre move alb
hol support kie
ion move tys
kie support bal move den
mos support war
nap move rom
nth support den
nwy support swe
pic support bel
rom hold
sev move ukr
sil move ber
ska support den
swe support nwy
tri move tyr
tun hold
tus move ven
tyr support tus move ven
ukr move gal
ven support nap move rom
vie support tri move tyr
war support mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Germany: army/dislodged tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tyr move mun
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: fleet bal
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
remove bla
build Fleet bre
build Fleet edi
build Fleet mar
build Army stp
build Army tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
adr support tri move ven
aeg move ion
alb hold
apu support rom move nap
ber support kie
bre move mid
den move swe
edi move nrg
gal support ukr move war
gas move spa
hol support kie
ion move nap
kie support mun
mar move gol
mos support war
mun support kie
nth support ska move nwy
nwy support swe
pic move bur
rom move nap
sev move mos
ska move nwy
stp support mos
swe support nwy
tri move ven
tun move wes
tus move pie
tyr move pie
tys move gol
ukr move war
ven move rom
vie move tyr
war support mos
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy move fin
war move lvn
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr support ven
aeg move ion
alb hold
apu move ven
bel hold
ber move pru
bur move mar
den move swe
fin move nwy
gal support war
ion move tun
kie move den
lvn move war
mid convoy spa move naf
mar move gol
mos support lvn move war
mun move tyr
nap support rom
nth support nwy
nrg support nwy
nwy hold
rom support nap
sev move mos
spa move naf via convoy
stp support fin move nwy
swe support fin move nwy
tus support apu move ven
tyr move pie
tys support ion move tun
ven support tyr move pie
vie move tyr
war support sev move mos
wes support mar move gol
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Russia: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove apu
build Army con
remove lvn
remove mid
remove mos
build Fleet smy
build Army tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Germany: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr convoy alb move apu
alb move apu via convoy
bel hold
con move bul
den move swe
fin move nwy
gal move war
ion support tun move tys
gol support wes
mar support tus move pie
naf move tun
nap support rom
nth support nwy
nrg support nwy
pie support ven move tus
pru move ber
rom support nap
sev support war move mos
smy move aeg
stp support fin move nwy
swe support fin move nwy
tri move tyr
tun move tys
tus move pie
tys move wes
ven move tus
vie move boh
war move mos
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Austria: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
pie move ven
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
apu support ion move nap
ber support mun
boh move sil
bul move rum
den support nwy move swe
fin move nwy
hol support kie
ion move nap
kie support hol
gol move tys
mar move bur
mos support war move lvn
mun hold
naf move tun
nap support rom
nth move nrg
nrg move bar
nwy move swe
pie move tus
rom support nap
sev move ukr
stp support fin move nwy
swe support fin move nwy
tun move wes
tus move rom
tyr move pie
tys move wes
ven support tus move rom
war move lvn
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe move fin
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: fleet fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ank
build Army con
build Fleet edi
remove fin
build Army vie
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Turkey: fleet tys
Turkey: army ukr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
apu move nap
bar support nrg move nwy
bel hold
bur move mar
con move bul
den support edi move nth
edi move nth
ion support tun
lvn move stp
gol support wes move tys
mos support lvn move stp
naf move tun
nap move tys
nrg move nwy
nwy support stp
rom support adr move ven
rum move gal
stp support nwy
swe support nrg move nwy
tun support nap move tys
tus support rom
tys move tus
ukr move war
ven move tyr
vie move boh
wes move tys
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Russia: army/dislodged stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
nwy move fin
stp disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ven
apu support rom
arm move sev
ber support mun
boh support sil move mun
bul move rum
fin move nwy
gal move war
hol support kie
ion move tys
kie support mun
gol move wes
mar move pie
mos support stp
mun support kie
naf move tun
nap support ion move tys
pie move tus
rom move tus
sil move mun
tun support ion move tys
tus support mar move pie
tyr support sil move mun
tys support naf move tun
war move pru
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
tys move gol
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army con
remove fin
build Fleet lon
build Fleet smy
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: army naf
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Turkey: supply tun
France: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar move nwy
bel hold
boh support sil move mun
den move hel
lon move eng
gol move tys
mar support tus move pie
naf move tun
nth move lon
nwy move nrg
rom move tus
sil move mun
swe move den
tus move pie
tyr support sil move mun
ven move adr
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: army/dislodged mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
Austria: army/dislodged pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
Turkey: fleet/dislodged tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mun disband
pie move ven
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Turkey: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
bel move ruh
boh move mun
den move kie
eng move bre
hel support den move kie
lon move eng
gol move tys
mar move bur
mun move bur
nrg move bar
pie move mar
tun hold
tus support ven move pie
tyr support boh move mun
ven move pie
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
Turkey: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Turkey: fleet/dislodged tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Army par
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bar
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bar move nwy
boh move gal
eng convoy lon move bel
hel move hol
kie support hel move hol
lon move bel via convoy
mar move gas
mun move sil
nwy move nth
par move pic
ruh move bel
tri move adr
tus move rom
tyr move mun
tys move wes
wes move mid
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Turkey: fleet nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: army tun
France: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move alb
bre hold
eng move bel
gas move bre
hol support eng move bel
ion support rom move nap
kie hold
mid support gas move bre
mun support sil move ber
nth support eng move bel
nwy move nrg
pic support gas move bre
pie move tyr
rom move nap
ruh move bel
sil move ber
tun move spa via convoy
wes convoy tun move spa
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: army bre
England: fleet/dislodged bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Turkey: fleet/dislodged nap
Turkey: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bre move eng
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet lvp
build Army vie
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
France: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
bre support pic
bud move rum
edi move nwy via convoy
eng support bel
gal support bud move rum
hol move hel
ion move aeg
kie support lon move hol
lon move hol via convoy
lvp move iri
mid move nat
mun move ruh
nth convoy lon move hol
nrg convoy edi move nwy
pic hold
ruh move bur
spa move gas
tyr move mun
vie move boh
wes move mid
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
bel support hol
ber support mun move kie
boh move sil
bre move pic
bur support pic move bel
eng support bel
gal move ukr
gas move bre
hel move nth
hol support kie
iri move lvp
kie support hol
mid move eng
mun move kie
nat move iri
nth move nwy
nrg move bar
nwy move fin
pic move bel
ruh support pic move bel
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army par
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army fin
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
France: fleet iri
England: fleet kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Turkey: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
bar support fin move stp
bel move hol
ber support mun move kie
bre support par move pic
bud move gal
bur support pic move bel
eng support lvp move iri
fin move stp
gre move aeg
hol hold
iri move eng
kie support hol
lvp move iri
mid support iri move eng
mun move kie
nth support hol
nwy support fin move stp
par move pic
pic move bel
ruh support bel move hol
rum move sev
sil move pru
tri move adr
ukr support rum move sev
vie move boh
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
England: fleet/dislodged kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Turkey: army/dislodged stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
eng move lon
kie move hel
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Austria: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Turkey: army mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Turkey: army war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
aeg support bul/sc move con
bar support stp
bel move hol
ber support kie
boh move mun
bre move wal via convoy
bul/sc move con
bur support pic move bel
eng convoy bre move wal
gal move war
hel support hol
iri move eng
kie support bel move hol
lon support iri move eng
mid support eng
nth move den
nwy move swe
par move pic
pic move bel
pru support gal move war
ruh support bel move hol
sev move mos
stp hold
ukr support sev move mos
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army/dislodged con
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Turkey: army/dislodged mos
Turkey: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
Turkey: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Austria: army war
Turkey: army/dislodged war
Turkey: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet tri
build Army vie
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
Austria: army nap
Austria: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
bar move stp/nc
bel support hol
bre move mid
bud move gal
bur support bel
con support aeg move smy
den support hel move nth
eng convoy pic move lon
hel move nth
hol support bel
ion move nap
iri move eng
lon move wal
mid move nat
mos support pru move lvn
nap move rom
pic move lon via convoy
pru move lvn
stp move lvn
swe support den
tri move adr
ukr move sev
vie move boh
wal support pic move lon
war move sil
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: army lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: fleet/dislodged smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
lon disband
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
England: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: army stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
France: army wal
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
bar move nrg
bel support hol
ber move kie
boh move tyr
bur support bel
con move aeg
eng support mid move iri
gal move boh
hol support bel
iri move lvp
kie move den
lon hold
lvn support mos move stp
mid move iri
mos move stp
nat support wal move lvp
nth move edi
rom move ven
stp hold
swe hold
wal move lvp
PHASE 1911 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
England: fleet/dislodged iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
England: army/dislodged stp
England: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
iri disband
stp disband
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Austria: army ber
Austria: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Austria: army kie
Austria: supply kie
France: army lon
France: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Austria: supply mos
Austria: army mun
Austria: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Austria: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
Austria: army stp
Austria: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
