PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move con
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move den
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar support par move bur
mos move sev
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move nap
sev move rum
smy move ank
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move pie
vie move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb support ser move gre
ank move arm
bot move swe
bul move gre
bur move mar
con move bul/sc
eng move bel
ion convoy nap move tun
kie move hol
mid move por
mar move spa
nap move tun via convoy
nth support yor move nwy
pie move mar
ruh support kie move hol
rum hold
ser move gre
sev move arm
tri move ser
ukr support rum
yor move nwy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Fleet smy
build Army stp
build Army vie
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move arm
bre move mid
bud support vie move gal
bul move rum
bur support spa move mar
con move bla
edi move nrg
gre move bul
ion move tun
kie support hol
mun support ruh move bur
nap move tys
nth convoy yor move nwy
par move pic
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
ruh move bur
rum move bla
ser support gre move bul
sev move arm
smy move con
spa move mar
stp move mos
swe hold
tun move naf
ukr move rum
vie move gal
war move ukr
yor move nwy
PHASE 1902 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bur move par
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: army ank
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel hold
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur support pie move mar
con move bul/ec
gal support bul move rum
gre hold
hol move bel
kie move hol
mid move wes
mos support ukr
mun support bur
naf hold
nth move ska
nrg move nth
par move bur
pic support par move bur
pie move mar
por move mid
rum hold
ser support bul move rum
sev support rum
smy move con
spa move mar
swe hold
tun move wes
tys move gol
ukr support rum
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet lon
build Army vie
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bel hold
bud support gal move rum
bul move gre
bur move gas
con move bul/ec
gal move rum
gre move aeg
kie support den
lon move nth
gol support tun move wes
mid move wes
mos move war
mun move bur
naf hold
nth move ska
nwy support ska move swe
par move bur
pic support par move bur
pie move mar
por move mid
rum move bla
ser support gal move rum
sev hold
ska move swe
smy move con
spa move mar
swe hold
tun move wes
ukr support mos move war
vie move gal
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
swe move bot
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Germany: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army sil
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg convoy gre move smy
arm move sev
bel move hol
bla move ank
bot move swe
bud support rum
bul/ec support con move bla
bur move mar
con move bla
gal move ukr
gas move bur
gre move smy via convoy
hol move ruh
kie move hol
gol support naf move spa
mid move wes
mun support gas move bur
naf move spa via convoy
nth support bel move hol
nwy hold
pic move par
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
rum support gal move ukr
ser support rum
sev support ukr
sil move boh
ska support swe move den
spa move gas
swe move den
ukr support war move gal
war move gal
wes convoy naf move spa
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
Germany: fleet/dislodged den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Russia: army/dislodged ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move pic
den disband
ukr move mos
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove arm
remove bur
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
build Fleet nap
remove pic
build Army vie
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet bul/ec
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank hold
bla move rum
boh support gal move vie
bud move gal
bul/ec hold
den move bal
gal move vie
gas move mar
kie support ruh move hol
lon move eng
lvp move wal
gol support spa
mid support por move spa
mos move ukr
mun support kie
nap move tys
nth move hel
nwy move den via convoy
par move bur
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
ruh move hol
rum move bul
ser support rum move bul
sev support bla move rum
ska convoy nwy move den
smy support aeg move con
spa support pie move mar
swe hold
ukr move war
vie support bud move gal
wes support spa
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: fleet/dislodged bul/ec
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
England: fleet/dislodged hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul/ec move bla
hol move nth
vie move tri
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
England: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank hold
bal move ber
bla move con
boh support vie
bul support con
bur move mar
con support smy move ank
den move kie
eng convoy wal move bel
gal move war
gas support por move spa
hel support den move kie
hol support kie
kie support hol
gol support spa move mar
mid support por move spa
mun support kie
nth move hol
pie support spa move mar
por move spa/sc
rum move bul/ec
ser support bul
sev support rum
ska move nwy
smy move ank
spa move mar
tri move bud
tys move wes
ukr move mos
vie hold
wal move bel via convoy
war move mos
wes move naf
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bla
build Army tri
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Russia: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: army den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank hold
bel support nth move hol
ber support den move kie
boh move tyr
bud move vie
bul support ser move rum
bur support gas move mar
con move ank
den move kie
eng support mid
gal move boh
gas move mar
hel support den move kie
hol support kie
kie support mun move ber
gol move spa/sc
mid support spa/sc
mar support gol move spa
mun move ber
naf support wes move mid
nth move hol
pie support mar
rum move sev
ser move rum
sev support ukr move rum
smy support con move ank
spa/sc support gas move mar
swe hold
tri support bud move vie
ukr move rum
vie support boh move tyr
wes move mid
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Russia: fleet/dislodged ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
Germany: army/dislodged hol
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: army kie
Germany: army/dislodged kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: army/dislodged vie
Russia: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
hol disband
kie move ruh
vie move gal
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hel
England: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army smy
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber support kie
boh support vie
bul move rum
bur support spa/sc move mar
eng support mid
gal move bud
gas support spa/sc move mar
hel move nth
hol hold
kie hold
gol support mar move spa
mid hold
mar move spa
mun move sil
naf move mid
nwy move swe
pie move ven
ruh move mun
rum move bul/ec
ser move bud
sev support ukr move rum
smy move ank
spa/sc move mar
swe move bot
tri move ven
tyr move pie
ukr move rum
wes support mar move spa
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove bot
build Army bud
build Army edi
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
remove sil
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
England: fleet hol
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
Italy: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bel move ruh
bla support bul move rum
boh support bud move gal
bud move gal
bul move rum
bur support gas move mar
edi hold
eng support mid
gal move bud
gas move mar
hol move nth
kie support bel move ruh
lon hold
lvp move iri
gol support mar move spa
mid hold
mar move spa
naf move mid
nth move nrg
pie move ven
rum support gal move bud
ser support bul move rum
sev support rum
spa/sc move gol
swe move bot
tri move tyr
tyr move tri
vie support tri move tyr
war move mos
wes support mar move spa
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move war
rum move ukr
spa move por
tyr move pie
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
Austria: army arm
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
arm move sev
bla support arm move sev
boh move sil
bot move stp/sc
bur support mar
edi move hol via convoy
eng convoy lon move bel
gal move war
iri support mid
kie support ruh move mun
lon move bel via convoy
gol move mar
mid support por move spa
mar support por move spa
mos support gal move war
naf move tun
nth convoy edi move hol
nrg move nat
pie move tyr
por move spa/sc
ruh move mun
rum move ukr
ser move rum
sev hold
spa support gol move mar
tyr move mun
ukr move gal
ven move tri
vie move boh
war support ukr move gal
wes support spa
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
Italy: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Russia: supply mos
England: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
war move pru
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
Russia: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Russia: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Army edi
remove gal
build Army lon
remove pie
remove pru
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: fleet ber
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: army edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: army sev
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
Italy: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Austria: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move ruh
ber move bal
bla convoy sev move bul
boh move mun
bud move tri
bur move mar
edi move nwy via convoy
eng convoy lon move bel
hol support bel move ruh
iri support eng
kie support mun
lon move bel via convoy
gol convoy spa move tus
mid support mar move spa
mar move spa
mos move lvn
mun hold
nth convoy edi move nwy
por support mar move spa
rum move ser
sev move bul via convoy
sil support boh move mun
spa move tus via convoy
stp/sc hold
tri move alb
tun move ion
tyr support bud move tri
ukr move mos
ven move tri
vie support bud move tri
wes move tys
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: supply ber
Austria: fleet bla
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
England: army hol
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
Italy: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
alb move tri
bal support kie move ber
bel move bur
bla move con
boh move mun
bul support ser move gre
eng hold
hol move kie
ion move aeg
iri support eng
kie move ber
lvn move stp
gol move tys
mid move wes
mar support spa
mos support lvn move stp
mun hold
nat support iri
nth move den
nwy support stp/sc
por move mid
ruh support mun
ser move gre
sil support boh move mun
spa support mar
stp/sc hold
tri support tyr move ven
tus support ven
tyr move ven
tys move ion
ven support alb move tri
vie move gal
war move pru
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army bud
build Army vie
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: fleet con
Austria: supply con
England: fleet den
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber
ber hold
boh support sil
bre move mid
bud move gal
bul move rum
con move aeg
den move nth
eng hold
gal move war
iri support eng
kie support mun
lvn move stp
mid move naf
mar move pie
mos support lvn move stp
mun hold
nat support iri
nwy support stp/sc
ruh support mun
sil support pru
spa move mar
stp/sc hold
tri support vie move tyr
tyr move pie
wes support mid move naf
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
France: fleet naf
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support ber
ber hold
boh move mun
bur move par
eng move bre
gal support sil
iri move mid
kie support mun
lvn move stp
mid hold
mar move pie
mos support lvn move stp
mun hold
naf move tun
nat support iri move mid
nth move bel
nwy support stp/sc
pru support sil move ber
ruh support mun
rum move bul
sil move ber
spa move mar
stp/sc hold
tri move ven
tyr support tri move ven
vie support tyr
war support pru
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: fleet/dislodged mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
France: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
mid move spa/nc
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army lon
build Army lvp
remove pie
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: fleet bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: army par
England: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/nc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Austria: army ven
Austria: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
bal support ber
bel move eng
boh move mun
bre move gas
bul move ser
gal support sil
gre move alb
kie support mun
lvn move stp
lvp move wal
mid support bre move gas
mar move spa
mos support lvn move stp
mun hold
nat support mid
nwy support stp/sc
par move bur
pru support sil
ruh support mun
sil support boh move mun
spa/nc move por
stp/sc hold
tri move adr
tun support wes move tys
tyr move pie
ven move rom
vie move tyr
war support pru
wes move tys
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Italy: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
ORDERS
adr move ion
bal support ber
boh support sil move mun
bur move mar
eng convoy lon move bre
gal move sil
gas support nat move mid
ion move nap
kie support mun
lon move bre via convoy
lvn hold
mid move wes
mos support lvn
mun hold
nat move mid
nwy support stp/sc
pie move mar
por move spa/sc
pru move ber
rom support ion move nap
ruh support mun
ser move rum
sil move mun
spa move mar
stp/sc hold
tun move ion
tyr support sil move mun
tys support tun move ion
war move pru
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet adr
Austria: army alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gal
England: fleet gas
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
France: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: army rum
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
adr move ion
alb move gre
bal support ber
ber hold
boh move tyr
bre move gas
bud move ser
bur move mar
eng convoy wal move bel
gal move boh
gas move mid
ion move aeg
kie support mun
lvn support pru
mid move naf
mos support lvn
mun hold
nap support adr move ion
nwy support stp/sc
pie move tus
por move spa/sc
pru support sil
rom support nap
ruh support mun
rum move bul
sil support gal move boh
spa move mar
stp/sc hold
tri move alb
tyr move pie
tys move ion
wal move bel via convoy
war support pru
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
France: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: army bel
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: army war
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb move ion
bal support ber
bel move bur
ber hold
boh support tyr move mun
bul move con
bur move mar
eng move mid
gas support bur move mar
ion move tys
kie support mun
lvn move stp
mid move naf
mos support lvn move stp
mun hold
naf move tun
nap support ion move tys
nwy support stp/sc
pie move mar
por hold
pru support sil
rom support nap
ruh support mun
ser move bul
sil support tyr move mun
spa hold
stp/sc hold
tus move pie
tyr move mun
tys move ion
war move gal
wes support naf move tun
PHASE 1910 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
France: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: fleet smy
Austria: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
France: fleet/dislodged tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
tys move gol
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
Austria: army gal
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove gal
build Fleet lon
build Fleet lvp
remove por
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: army con
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
bal support ber
ber hold
boh support sil
bul move con
bur support mar
con move ank
gas move spa
ion support tus move tun
kie support mun
lon move eng
lvn support pru
lvp move iri
gol move tys
mid support gas move spa
mar hold
mos support lvn
mun hold
naf support tun
nap support tys
nwy support stp/sc
pie hold
pru support sil
rom hold
ruh support mun
smy move con
spa hold
stp/sc hold
tun hold
tus move tun via convoy
tyr support pie
tys convoy tus move tun
wes support tun
PHASE 1911 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
England: army spa
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
spa move por
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
France: army por
France: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
England: army spa
France: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank support tus move smy
bal support ber
ber hold
bul move con
bur support mar
kie support mun
gol move tys
mid move por
mar hold
mun hold
naf support tun
nwy support stp/sc
por hold
ruh support mun
smy move con
spa support mid move por
stp/sc hold
tun hold
wes support tun
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: army ank
Austria: supply ank
England: fleet bal
England: supply bel
England: army ber
England: supply ber
Austria: army boh
England: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
England: army bur
Austria: supply con
England: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
England: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
England: army kie
England: supply kie
England: supply lon
Austria: army lvn
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
England: army mar
England: supply mar
Austria: army mos
Austria: supply mos
England: army mun
England: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
England: supply par
Austria: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Austria: army pru
Austria: army rom
Austria: supply rom
England: army ruh
Austria: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Austria: supply sev
Austria: army sil
France: fleet smy
France: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/sc
England: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Austria: army tus
Austria: army tyr
Austria: fleet tys
Austria: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Austria: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
