PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move yor
mar support par move bur
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move tys
par move bur
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur support eng move bel
con move bul
eng move bel
gal support ukr move rum
hol support ruh move bel
kie move den
mid move bre
mar move spa
nth convoy yor move nwy
rom move tun via convoy
ruh move bel
ser move bud
sev move bla
tri move bud
tys convoy rom move tun
ukr move rum
ven move pie
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army bud
build Fleet kie
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Army par
build Army smy
build Fleet stp/nc
build Army ven
build Army vie
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank move bla
bre move mid
bud move ser
bul move rum
bur move bel
con move ank
den hold
eng move nth
gal support rum
gre move aeg
hol move bel
kie move hol
mos move ukr
mun hold
nth move ska
par move bur
pie move mar
ruh support hol move bel
rum support gal
ser move gre
sev move bla
smy move arm
spa move mar
stp/nc move nwy
swe support stp/nc move nwy
tri move bud
tun move naf
tys move wes
ven move pie
vie support tri move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move con
arm move sev
bel support hol move nth
bud move tri
bul move ser
bur move mar
con move smy
den support swe
gal support rum
gre move bul
hol move nth
mid move por
mun support ruh move bur
naf move spa via convoy
nth move eng
nwy support swe
par move bur
pie move mar
ruh move bur
rum support gre move bul
ser support gre move bul
sev move bla
ska move nth
spa hold
swe support nwy
ukr move sev
ven move tyr
vie move tri
wes convoy naf move spa
yor move wal
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move gas
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet mar
build Fleet sev
build Fleet tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army naf
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
England: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank move con
arm move ank
bel move eng
ber move sil
bla convoy rum move arm
bud support ser
bul support aeg move con
bur support pie move mar
den hold
eng convoy wal move bre
gal support ukr move rum
gas move bre
mar hold
mun hold
naf move tun
nth support bel move eng
nwy support swe move ska
par move bur
pie support bur move mar
por move mid
rum move arm
ser support bul
sev support rum move arm
smy support ank move con
spa support mar
swe move ska
tri move alb
ukr move rum
vie support bud
wal move bre via convoy
wes move gol
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Turkey: army/dislodged arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
England: fleet/dislodged eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move syr
eng move lon
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mid
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: fleet ska
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support rum move con
alb move ion
ank move bla
arm move ank
bla convoy rum move con
bre hold
bud move vie
bul support rum move con
bur support pie move mar
den hold
eng hold
gal move war
lon move nth
gol support pie move mar
mid move wes
mar hold
mun support sil move boh
nth move edi
nwy move nrg
par move bur
pie move mar
rum move con
ser move tri
sev move rum
sil move boh
ska move swe
smy move con
spa support mar
syr move arm
tyr move tri
vie move boh
wal move lvp
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Army sev
remove syr
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet aeg
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: army bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
ank move con
arm support bla move ank
bla move ank
boh move vie
bre move gas
bud support vie
bul support con
bur support pie move mar
con support bla move ank
den hold
edi hold
eng move lon
ion move nap
kie move hol
lvp move yor
gol support pie move mar
mar move gol
mun move boh
nrg move nat
par move bur
pie move mar
rum move bla
ser move tri
sev move rum
smy support ank move con
spa move mar
swe move nwy
tyr support boh move vie
vie support ser move tri
war move ukr
wes support mar move gol
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Italy: fleet/dislodged gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
gol move tys
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
ank hold
arm move smy
bla support con move bul
boh support tyr move vie
bud support vie
bul move ser
bur move par
con move bul
den hold
edi hold
gas support spa move mar
hol move bel
ion move nap
lon hold
gol move tys
mun support bur
nat move lvp
nap move rom
nwy move nth
par move bur
pie move ven
rum move ser
smy move syr
spa move mar
tri move tyr
tyr move vie
ukr move rum
vie support tri move tyr
wes move tun
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
bul move gre
tyr move pie
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Turkey: army syr
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Army mos
remove nth
remove pie
build Army sev
build Army stp
remove syr
build Army tri
remove tun
build Army war
remove yor
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: fleet lon
Germany: supply lon
Russia: fleet lvp
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
bel move pic
bla support sev move rum
boh support mun move tyr
bud move ser
bul support rum move ser
bur move gas
den hold
edi move nth
gas support mar move bur
gre support bud move ser
kie move ruh
lon move eng
lvp move iri
gol move tys
mar move bur
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nap support rom
nwy move nrg
par support mar move bur
rom support nap
rum move ser
sev move rum
smy hold
stp move fin
tri support bud move ser
tyr move vie
tys move rom
ukr move gal
ven support tys move rom
vie move bud
war support ukr move gal
wes support gol move tys
PHASE 1905 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move mun
tys move ion
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: fleet rom
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
France: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bla convoy sev move bul
boh move vie
bud support ser
bul move ser
bur move par
con move aeg
den hold
eng support pic move bre
fin move swe
gal support rum move bud
gas support par move bre
gre move bul
iri move mid
mun support ruh move bur
nap move apu
nth hold
nrg move nat
par move bre
pic move bre
rom move nap
ruh move bur
rum move bud
ser support gre move bul
sev move bul
smy move con
tri move ven
tyr move pie
tys move tun
ukr move rum
vie support bud
war move ukr
wes support tys move tun
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
France: army/dislodged bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bur move bel
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
remove den
build Army mar
build Fleet stp/nc
remove ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Austria: fleet apu
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Austria: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Russia: fleet nat
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/nc
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: fleet tun
France: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support sev move bul
apu move ven
bel support bre move pic
bla convoy sev move bul
boh move vie
bre move pic
bud support boh move vie
bul move rum
bur move par
con support sev move bul
eng move bre
gal support bud
gas support mar move bur
ion move adr
mid support eng move bre
mar move bur
mun move tyr
nat move iri
nap hold
nth move bel
par support bre move pic
pic support eng move bre
pie move mar
rum support bud
ser support tri move bud
sev move bul
stp/nc move nwy
swe hold
tri move bud
tun move naf
ukr support rum
vie support tri move bud
wes move mid
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: army/dislodged bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Germany: army/dislodged bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
bul move gre
bur move ruh
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
France: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Austria: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: fleet nap
Austria: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg support bul move gre
bel move hol
bla support con move bul
boh move vie
bud support boh move vie
bul move gre
bur move mar
con move bul
gal support bud
gas support bur move mar
gre move bul
iri move mid
mid move por
mar move gas
naf move mid
nap move ion
nth move bel
nwy move nrg
par move pic
pic support nth move bel
ruh move bur
rum move ser
ser support gre move bul
swe hold
tri support vie
tyr support boh move vie
ukr move rum
ven support tri
vie support tri
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
France: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Austria: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Russia: army gre
Austria: army/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
France: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: army mar
Germany: army/dislodged mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Russia: fleet por
France: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gre disband
mar move pie
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet adr
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet naf
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove adr
build Army kie
build Army mos
build Army mun
remove naf
build Fleet sev
build Army war
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
France: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Russia: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
bel support kie move hol
bla move con
bre move gas
bud support rum move ser
bul support rum move ser
bur support pic move par
gal support bud
gas support par move bre
gre move alb
hol hold
ion move gre
iri move mid
kie move hol
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun move ruh
par move bre
pic move par
pie move mar
por support iri move mid
rum move ser
ser move bud
sev move bla
spa/sc move mar
swe hold
tri support ser move bud
tyr move tri
ukr move rum
ven support tri
vie support tyr move tri
war move ukr
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
Germany: fleet/dislodged bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bre move pic
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
France: army bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Russia: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Russia: supply nwy
Germany: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Germany: army pie
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: army swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move tri
bel move pic
bla convoy sev move ank
bre move par
bud move vie
bul support aeg move gre
bur support pie move mar
con move aeg
gal support bud move vie
gas support bre move par
ion move gre
mid move spa/sc
mar move bur
nrg move edi
par support pic move bre
pic move bre
pie move mar
por support mid move spa
rum move bud
ser support alb move tri
sev move ank
spa/sc support mar
swe move den
tri support ven
tyr move tri
ukr move rum
ven support tri
vie support tyr move tri
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Germany: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Germany: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
France: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
France: fleet/dislodged spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Germany: army/dislodged vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
spa/sc move gol
vie move boh
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Russia: fleet aeg
Russia: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Germany: fleet bre
Germany: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Russia: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Russia: army den
Russia: supply den
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Russia: fleet gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
Germany: supply lon
Russia: supply lvp
France: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Austria: supply nap
Russia: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
Germany: fleet pic
Russia: fleet por
Russia: supply por
Austria: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Russia: army ser
Russia: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
Russia: supply spa
Russia: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
France: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Austria: fleet ven
Austria: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
