PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nrg
kie move den
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar support par move bur
mos move ukr
mun move ruh
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move ven
sev move bla
smy move arm
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven move tri
vie move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
England: supply edi
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Italy: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move ion
ank move bla
arm move sev
bot move swe
bul move rum
bur move bel
den support bot move swe
ion move gre
kie move hol
mid move por
mar move spa
nth convoy yor move nwy
nrg move bar
ruh move bel
ser support bul move gre
sev support ukr move rum
tri move ser
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
vie move tri
war move gal
yor move nwy via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Fleet edi
build Army kie
build Fleet mar
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army stp
build Army ven
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm move sev
bar support nwy move stp
bla support arm move sev
bul move rum
bur support ruh move mun
con move aeg
den move nth
edi move nrg
gal move rum
gre support tri move alb
hol move bel
ion move nap
kie move hol
mar move spa/sc
mun support ruh move bur
nap hold
nth hold
nwy move stp
par support bur
por move mid
ruh move bur
ser support vie move tri
sev support gal move rum
spa move gas
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move alb
tyr move vie
ukr support sev
ven move tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Austria: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: army nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb move ser
arm move sev
bar move nwy
bla support arm move sev
bul support aeg move gre
bur support bel move ruh
gal move bud
gas support bur
gre hold
hol hold
ion move tun
mid move eng
mun hold
nap move tys
nth convoy nwy move yor
nrg support bar move nwy
nwy move yor via convoy
par support bur
ruh support bel
ser support tri
sev move rum
spa/sc move mid
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tri support gal move vie
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Italy: fleet/dislodged gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
gre move ion
tri move tyr
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Austria: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Fleet kie
build Army mos
build Fleet smy
remove tun
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
alb move tri
bar move nwy
bla support sev move rum
bud move rum
bul support gre
bur support ruh move mun
con move aeg
den move ska
eng support yor move lon
gas support bur
gre support con move aeg
ion move eas
kie move den
mid move nat
mos support rum move sev
nth move lon
nrg support bar move nwy
par support bur
ruh move kie
rum move sev
ser support tyr move tri
sev move rum
smy move eas
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri move ven
tyr move tri
tys move tun
ukr support rum move sev
vie support alb move tri
yor move lon
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army/dislodged sev
Russia: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
sev move arm
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move ser
arm move sev
bar move nwy
bel support bur move pic
bla move rum
bul support bla move rum
bur support par move pic
den move swe
eng move nth
gas support bur
gre support aeg move ion
hol move ruh
kie move den
lon hold
mos support sev
mun move ruh
nat move lvp
nth support bar move nwy
nrg move nat
par move pic
rum move bud
ser move bud
sev support ukr move rum
ska support den move swe
smy move eas
stp support swe move nwy
swe move nwy
tun support ion
tyr move ven
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie move tri
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Turkey: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Turkey: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Austria: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move gal
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Austria: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove bar
build Fleet bre
build Fleet kie
remove lon
build Fleet nap
remove tyr
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
France: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move ser
arm move sev
bre move mid
bul move rum
bur support mun
den move kie
eas move ion
eng convoy pic move wal
gal move rum
gas support bur
gre support eas move ion
hol support bel
ion support ser move gre
kie move hel
lvp move cly
mos move stp
mun move bur
nat move lvp
nap support ion
nth move lon
nwy move nrg
pic move wal via convoy
rum move bla
ser move tri
sev move bla
ska support swe move nwy
stp move nwy
swe move nwy
tun support ion
ukr move sev
ven move tri
vie support ser move bud
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Russia: fleet nrg
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move ser
arm move sev
bul support rum
bur support mun
cly support wal move lvp
eas move ion
eng move lon
gal support sev move rum
gas support bur
gre support eas move ion
hel move nth
hol support bel
ion support ser move gre
kie move mun
lon hold
lvp hold
mid move iri
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nap support ion
nrg move edi
nwy support hel move nth
rum support arm move sev
ser move bud
sev move rum
ska support nwy
stp move nwy
tun support ion
ukr support sev move rum
ven move tri
vie support ser move bud
wal move lvp
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
England: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
England: fleet/dislodged lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Turkey: fleet/dislodged rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
lvp move nat
rum move bla
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army kie
remove nat
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
France: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
bel move pic
bla support bul move rum
bud move tri
bul move rum
bur move pic
cly move nrg
eas move ion
edi move nth
eng move bel
gal move rum
gas move bur
gre support eas move ion
hol move bel
ion hold
iri move wal
kie move ruh
lon support nth move eng
lvp support iri move wal
mos move sev
mun move bur
nap support ion
nth support edi
nwy move nrg
rum move bla
ser support tri move bud
ska move nwy
stp move nwy
tri move bud
tun support ion
tyr move pie
ukr support gal move rum
ven move tri
vie support tri move bud
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
France: fleet cly
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
Russia: fleet edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
France: army gas
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
Germany: army pie
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
France: fleet wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
bel support bur
bla move bul/ec
bud support rum
bul move ser
bur move pic
cly move edi
eas move ion
eng support wal move lon
gal move rum
gas move mar
gre support eas move ion
hol move nwy
ion hold
lon hold
lvp support cly move edi
mun support pie move tyr
nap support ion
nth convoy hol move nwy
nwy move nrg
pie move tyr
ruh support bel
rum move bla
ser move bul
sev support gal move rum
ska support hol move nwy
stp move nwy
tri move ven
tun support ion
ukr support gal move rum
vie hold
wal move lon
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
Russia: fleet/dislodged edi
Russia: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
England: fleet/dislodged lon
England: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
edi move yor
lon disband
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Russia: fleet yor
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army par
build Army rom
remove yor
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: army lvp
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: fleet rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
bla support rum
bre move mid
bud support vie
bul move ser
eas move ion
edi support lon move nth
eng support lon move nth
gal support ukr move rum
gre support eas move ion
ion hold
lon move nth
lvp move yor
mar support par move bur
mun move kie
nap support ion
nth hold
nrg support nth
par move bur
pic support par move bur
rom move ven
ruh support bel
rum move sev
ser support ven move tri
sev move mos
ska support nth
stp move nwy
tun support ion
tyr move mun
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie support ven move tri
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: fleet lon
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support eas move ion
bel support bur move pic
bla support rum
bud support rum
bul move ser
bur hold
eas move ion
edi support lon move nth
eng support lon move nth
gal move bud
gre support eas move ion
ion hold
kie move hol
lon move nth
mid move nat
mar support bur
mos move stp
mun move bur
nap support ion
nth move eng
nrg support ska move nth
pic support bur
ruh support bel
rum support bul move ser
ser support rum move bul
sev support rum
ska move nth
stp move nwy
tri support ser
tun support ion
ven move tyr
vie support bud
yor support edi
PHASE 1906 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
nth move hel
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support gre
bla support bul
bud move gal
bul support rum
bur support eng move bel
eas move ion
edi support nat move nrg
eng move bel
gal move bud
gre support eas move ion
hel support nrg move nth
hol support bel
ion hold
mar support bur
mos move stp
mun move bur
nat move nrg
nap support ion
nth move hol
nrg move nth
pic support bur
ruh support bel
rum support bul move ser
ser support tri move bud
sev support rum
ska move den
stp move fin
tri move bud
tun support ion
tyr move boh
vie support bud move gal
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet/dislodged nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
gal move ukr
nth move ska
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Italy: army gal
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
Germany: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Germany: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
France: fleet ska
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support gre
bla support bul
boh support vie move tyr
bud support ser
bul support gre
bur support ruh move mun
den move swe
eas move ion
edi support ska move nth
eng move lon
fin support stp move nwy
gal move sil
gre support eas move ion
hel move den
hol support bel
ion support bul move rum
mar support bur
mun hold
nap support ion
nth support nwy
nrg support ska move nth
nwy hold
pic support bur
ruh support bel
rum support bul move ser
ser hold
sev support rum
ska move nth
stp move nwy
tun support ion
ukr move war
vie move tyr
yor move lon
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
Germany: fleet/dislodged nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Germany: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
nth move lon
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army kie
build Army mos
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
Italy: army boh
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Turkey: fleet eas
France: fleet edi
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
France: army yor
ORDERS
aeg support gre
bel hold
ber support mun
bla support bul
boh move sil
bud move gal
bul support gre
bur support yor move bel
den support swe
eas move ion
edi move nrg
eng support yor move bel
fin move swe
gre support eas move ion
hol move kie
ion move gre
mar support bur
mos move war
nap move apu
nth convoy yor move bel
nrg move bar
nwy support fin move swe
pic support yor move bel
ruh support mun
rum support war move gal
ser move rum
sev support rum
sil move pru
swe hold
tun move wes
tyr move mun
war move gal
yor move bel via convoy
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
Germany: army/dislodged bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
bel move hol
ion move tun
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
France: fleet eng
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg hold
apu move nap
bar support nth move nwy
bel support bur
ber support mun
bla support bul
bud support ser
bul hold
bur support mun
den support swe
eng move nth
fin support nwy
gre hold
ion move nap
kie support ber
mar move spa
mos support war
mun support ber
nth move nwy
nrg support nth move nwy
nwy hold
pic support bel
pru support sil move ber
ruh support mun
rum support bul move ser
ser support bul move rum
sev support rum
sil move ber
swe support nth move nwy
tun hold
tyr move mun
war hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
Russia: army/dislodged nwy
France: fleet nwy
Russia: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
nwy disband
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Army par
remove ruh
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Italy: fleet apu
France: fleet bar
France: army bel
France: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
France: supply edi
Russia: army fin
Turkey: fleet gre
Turkey: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
France: supply lon
France: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
France: fleet nth
France: fleet nrg
France: fleet nwy
France: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: army sil
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Germany: fleet swe
Germany: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
