PHASE 1901 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet stp/sc
Austria: fleet tri
Austria: supply tri
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
ber move kie
bre move mid
bud move ser
con move bul
edi move nth
kie move hol
lon move eng
lvp move wal
mar move spa
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move ion
par move bur
rom move nap
sev move bla
smy move con
stp/sc move bot
tri move alb
ven hold
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1901 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Austria: fleet alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
Russia: fleet bot
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: army con
Turkey: supply con
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: fleet hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: army nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
France: army par
France: supply par
Italy: supply rom
Austria: army ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
Russia: supply stp
Austria: army tri
Austria: supply tri
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Austria: supply vie
England: army wal
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank move bla
bot move swe
bul move rum
con move bul
eng convoy wal move pic
gal move vie
hol hold
ion move tun
kie move den
mid move por
mun move ruh
nap move rom
nth move nwy
par move bur
ser support bul move rum
sev move bla
spa hold
tri move bud
ukr move rum
ven move tri
wal move pic via convoy
PHASE 1901 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet bre
build Fleet con
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
build Army mos
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army par
build Army smy
build Army ven
build Army war
PHASE 1902 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: army smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
ank move bla
bre hold
bud move tri
bul support rum
bur support pic move bel
con support ank move bla
den hold
eng support pic move bel
hol support ruh move bel
kie move ruh
lon move nth
mos move war
mun move bur
nap move ion
nwy hold
par support bur
pic move bel
por move spa/sc
rom move ven
ruh move bel
rum support bud
ser support bud move tri
sev move bla
smy move arm
spa move mar
tri move alb
tun support nap move ion
ven move tyr
vie support war move gal
war move gal
PHASE 1902 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Russia: fleet sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Austria: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm support rum move sev
bla support rum move sev
bre support par move pic
bul support gre
bur hold
con move aeg
den hold
eng move mid
gal support ukr move rum
gre hold
hol move bel
ion support alb move gre
kie move ruh
mar support bur
mun support ruh move bur
nth move eng
nwy hold
par move pic
pic support ruh move bur
ruh move bur
rum move sev
ser hold
sev move bla
spa/sc move mid
tri support ser move bud
tun move tys
tyr support ven move tri
ukr move rum
ven move tri
vie move bud
PHASE 1902 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Austria: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Austria: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri move vie
PHASE 1902 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
build Fleet lvp
build Army mos
PHASE 1903 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
France: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support gre
alb move ser
arm support sev
bel support eng move pic
ber move kie
bla support bul move sev
bre support spa/sc move mid
bud support gal move vie
bul move rum
bur support pic move bel
den hold
eng move pic
gal move vie
gre hold
ion move eas
kie move hol
lvp move iri
mar support bur
mos move sev
mun support ruh move bur
nth move lon
nwy hold
pic move bel
ruh move bur
rum support mos move sev
ser support bul move rum
sev support bul move rum
spa/sc move mid
tri support tyr move vie
tyr move vie
tys move ion
vie move tri
PHASE 1903 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: supply par
France: army/dislodged pic
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
pic move par
PHASE 1903 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: army bul
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: army den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Austria: army ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Austria: army vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move smy
alb support tri move ser
arm support sev
bel support pic
bla support bul move rum
bre support par move pic
bud support gal move vie
bul move rum
bur support par move pic
den move kie
eas move aeg
gal move vie
gre hold
hol move ruh
ion support alb
iri support lon move eng
kie move hel
lon move eng
mid move nat
mar support bur
mos move sev
mun support ruh move bur
nwy hold
par move pic
pic support lon move eng
ruh move bur
rum support mos move sev
ser support bul move rum
tri move ser
tyr move tri
vie move tri
war move sil
PHASE 1903 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Russia: army/dislodged rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Austria: army/dislodged ser
Austria: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Austria: army/dislodged vie
Austria: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
rum move ukr
PHASE 1903 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet con
build Army ven
PHASE 1904 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Austria: fleet gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: fleet hel
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Russia: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
alb move gre
arm support sev
bel move pic
bla move rum
bre hold
bud move tri
bur hold
con move bul/sc
eng support pic move bre
gre hold
hel move den
hol move bel
ion support alb move gre
iri move lvp
kie move ber
mar support bur
mos support ukr move sev
mun support kie move ber
nat move lvp
nwy move nrg
par support bre
pic move bre
ruh support mun
rum move gal
ser support aeg move bul
sil move war
smy move con
tyr support ven move tri
ukr move sev
ven move tri
vie support bud move tri
PHASE 1904 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gre
Austria: fleet/dislodged gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gre disband
PHASE 1904 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
France: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Turkey: army gal
Italy: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: fleet pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm support sev
bel move pic
ber hold
bre support bur move pic
bud support war move gal
bul/sc move aeg
bur move pic
con support rum move bul
den hold
eng move mid
gal move ukr
gre move bul
hol move bel
ion move gre
iri move lvp
mar move bur
mos move sev
mun support ruh move bur
nat move lvp
nrg move nwy
par support bre
pic move eng
ruh move bur
rum move bul/ec
ser support gre move bul
sev support gal move ukr
smy move aeg
tyr support ven move tri
ukr support mos move sev
ven move tri
vie move tri
war move gal
PHASE 1904 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Turkey: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Turkey: army/dislodged gal
Italy: army gre
Austria: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
gal move sil
PHASE 1904 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: fleet rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet nap
remove rum
build Army ven
PHASE 1905 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
France: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: army hol
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
France: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: army sil
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm support sev
bel move pic
ber move mun
bre move mid
bud move rum
bul/sc move aeg
bur move gas
con move bul/ec
den move kie
eng support mid move bre
gal move war
gre move bul
hol move ruh
ion support bul/sc move aeg
iri move lvp
mid move bre
mar move spa
mos support ukr move sev
mun move bur
nat move nrg
nap move tys
nwy move nrg
par move bre
pic move bur
ser support gre move bul
sev move rum
sil move pru
smy move aeg
tri move bud
tyr move boh
ukr move sev
ven move tyr
PHASE 1905 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Russia: army bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Turkey: fleet con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army ruh
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: supply ven
Russia: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move con
arm move sev
bel move pic
ber support mun
boh move vie
bre hold
bud support vie move tri
bul support aeg move con
con move bul/sc
eng support bre
gas support ruh move bur
ion move eas
kie move den
lvp hold
mos move sev
mun support ruh move bur
nwy hold
pru move war
ruh move bur
ser support tri move bud
sev move rum
smy support con
tri move bud
tyr support boh move vie
tys move gol
vie move tri
PHASE 1905 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
France: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Russia: army/dislodged bud
Russia: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Turkey: fleet/dislodged con
Turkey: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Turkey: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Russia: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bud move gal
con move bla
PHASE 1905 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Turkey: army arm
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove arm
build Army lon
build Army rom
build Army ven
PHASE 1906 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Turkey: fleet bla
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
France: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
France: army pic
France: supply por
Turkey: army pru
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Turkey: supply sev
Turkey: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Russia: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bel move pic
ber move mun
bla move ank
bre support lon move pic
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur move mar
con support eas move smy
den move kie
eas move smy
eng convoy lon move pic
gal support tri move bud
gas support bur move mar
lon move pic via convoy
lvp move nat
gol move mar
mos move sev
mun move bur
nwy move nrg
pru move lvn
rom move ven
rum support mos move sev
ser move alb
smy move aeg
tri move bud
tyr support ven move tri
ven move tri
vie support bud
PHASE 1906 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Russia: army/dislodged tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tri disband
PHASE 1906 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet aeg
Italy: army alb
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Germany: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
France: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
France: army par
France: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Turkey: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Turkey: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Russia: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg move ion
alb move gre
ank move con
bel move eng
bre hold
bud support bul move rum
bul move rum
bur support gas move par
con hold
eng move mid
gal move bud
gas move par
kie move bal
lvp hold
gol move mar
mun move tyr
nrg move nwy
pic hold
rum support gal move bud
smy support con
tri move ser
tyr move boh
ven move tri
vie support bud
war move mos
PHASE 1906 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Turkey: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Turkey: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
remove ank
build Army ber
remove lvn
build Army mun
build Fleet nap
build Army stp
build Army ven
PHASE 1907 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Turkey: supply ank
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: army pic
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
bal hold
ber move sil
boh support tri move tyr
bre move gas
bud move gal
bul move rum
bur move mar
con move ank
eng move mid
gal support mos move war
gre move ser
ion move tun
lvp hold
gol move wes
mid move por
mar move pie
mos move war
mun support tyr move boh
nap move tys
nwy move nrg
par move bur
pic move bre
ser move bud
sev move arm
smy move con
stp move mos
tri move tyr
tyr move boh
ven move pie
vie support bud move gal
PHASE 1907 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move ukr
PHASE 1907 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
England: fleet gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
France: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army spa
France: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Turkey: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank hold
arm move smy
bal hold
boh support mun move tyr
bre hold
bud move gal
bul move rum
bur move mun
con move smy
gal move ukr
gas move spa/nc
lvp support nrg move nat
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun move tyr
nrg move nat
par move bur
por support gas move spa
ser support bul move rum
sil support war move gal
tun move ion
tyr support vie move boh
tys support wes move tun
ukr support war move gal
ven support tyr
vie move boh
war move gal
wes move tun
PHASE 1907 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Turkey: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
France: fleet/dislodged nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
France: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
France: army/dislodged spa
France: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
PHASE 1907 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Turkey: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
remove ion
build Fleet lon
build Fleet nap
build Army rom
PHASE 1908 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nat
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: army par
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Germany: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
arm move smy
boh move tyr
bud move gal
bur move mar
con move bla
edi move nrg
gal support ukr move rum
lon move eng
lvp move iri
mun support boh move tyr
nat move mid
nap move tys
par move bur
pie support boh move tyr
por move spa/sc
rom move tus
rum support bud move gal
ser support rum
sev support ukr move rum
sil move boh
spa/nc move por
tun move naf
tyr support vie
tys move tun
ukr move rum
ven support rom move tus
vie support tyr
wes move gol
PHASE 1908 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: army/dislodged tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
tyr move tri
PHASE 1908 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: army bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Russia: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/nc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
arm support rum move sev
bla support rum move sev
boh support gal
bre move gas
bud move gal
bur move mar
eng move bre
gal move vie
iri support spa/nc move mid
gol move tus
mid move por
mar move pie
mun support tyr
naf support tun move wes
nrg move nwy
pie move ven
por move spa/sc
rum move sev
ser move rum
sev support ukr move rum
spa/nc move mid
tri support vie
tun move wes
tus move pie
tyr support pie move ven
tys move gol
ukr move rum
ven move tyr
vie support bud move gal
PHASE 1908 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Italy: army/dislodged ven
Italy: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move war
sev move mos
ven move apu
PHASE 1908 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Italy: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Army rom
PHASE 1909 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Italy: fleet arm
Germany: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Italy: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Italy: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu support tus move ven
arm support sev
bal move kie
ber move sil
bla support sev
boh support tyr move vie
bre support iri move mid
bur move mar
gal move ukr
gas hold
iri move mid
gol support mar move pie
mid move wes
mar move pie
mos move sev
mun support boh
naf support wes
nwy hold
por hold
rom support tus move ven
ser move rum
sev support gal move ukr
smy move con
spa/sc support gol
tri support vie
tus move ven
tyr move vie
tys support wes
ukr support war move gal
ven move tri
vie support tri
war move gal
wes hold
PHASE 1909 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Italy: fleet arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Russia: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: army/dislodged gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Germany: army/dislodged ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Italy: army/dislodged vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
ven move tyr
vie move bud
PHASE 1909 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Italy: fleet arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Russia: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Italy: supply vie
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu support ven
arm move ank
bla move rum
boh move tyr
bre support iri move mid
bud support tri
gal support ukr move rum
gas hold
iri move mid
kie move den
gol move tus
mid move wes
mar support pie
mos move sev
mun support boh move tyr
naf move wes
nwy hold
pie support gol move tus
por hold
rom move tus
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
sil move gal
spa/sc support mid move wes
tri support bud
tyr move tri
tys support wes move gol
ukr move rum
ven support rom move tus
vie support gal move bud
wes move gol
PHASE 1909 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Army war
PHASE 1910 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: fleet bre
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: supply tun
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move con
apu support ven
bla support ank move con
boh support vie
bre move mid
bud support tri
con move bul
den hold
gal move rum
gas hold
kie move mun
gol move wes
mid move naf
mar support pie
mos move sev
mun move tyr
naf move tun
nwy hold
pie move ven
por support bre move mid
rom move tus
rum move ukr
sev support rum move ukr
sil support gal
spa/sc move gol
tri support bud
tyr move tri
tys support gol move wes
ukr support gal move rum
ven support rom move tus
vie support tyr move tri
wes support mid move naf
PHASE 1910 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Italy: army/dislodged rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
England: fleet/dislodged wes
ORDERS
rum move ser
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1910 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: army gas
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: fleet por
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Italy: army sev
Italy: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
Italy: fleet wes
ORDERS
apu support ven
bla move bul/ec
boh support vie
bud move vie
bul move gre
con support bla move bul
den hold
gas hold
kie support mun
gol move tys
mid move wes
mar support pie
mos support ukr move sev
mun support tyr
naf move tun
nwy hold
pie support tyr
por move mid
rum support ukr move sev
ser support sev move rum
sev move rum
sil move gal
spa/sc support mid move wes
tri support bud move vie
tun move naf
tus move pie
tyr support vie
tys support wes move gol
ukr move sev
ven support tus move pie
vie support tyr
war move ukr
wes move gol
PHASE 1910 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Italy: army apu
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove apu
build Fleet lon
build Army stp
build Army war
PHASE 1911 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Italy: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Russia: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
boh move gal
bud support rum
bul/ec move con
con move aeg
gal move bud
gre move bul
kie move mun
lon move eng
gol move wes
mid support wes
mar support pie
mos move sev
mun move boh
naf move tun
nwy hold
pie support tyr
rum support bud
ser support rum
sev move rum
spa/sc move gol
tri support bud
tun move naf
tus support ven
tyr move tri
tys support gol move wes
ukr support sev move rum
ven support tri
vie support gal move bud
wes hold
PHASE 1911 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Italy: supply bud
Russia: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Italy: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move gre
boh support mun move tyr
bud support sev move rum
bul move gre
con support rum move bul
eng move mid
gal support sev move rum
gol move wes
mid support wes
mar support pie
mos move sev
mun move tyr
naf support wes
pie move ven
rum move bul
ser support tri
sev move rum
spa/sc move gol
tri support ser
tun support gol move wes
tus support ven
tyr move tri
tys support tun
ukr support sev move rum
ven support tri
vie support tyr move tri
wes support spa/sc move gol
PHASE 1911 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Army mos
PHASE 1912 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Italy: army tri
Italy: supply tri
Italy: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move ion
boh support mun move tyr
bud support tyr move tri
bul support ser
con support bul
den hold
eng move mid
gal support bud
gas hold
kie move mun
gol move tys
mid move wes
mar support pie
mos move sev
mun move tyr
naf support wes move tun
nwy hold
pie move ven
rum move bul
ser support tri
sev move arm
tri support ven
tun support tys
tus support ven
tyr move tri
tys support tun
ukr support rum
ven support tri
vie support tyr move tri
wes move tun
PHASE 1912 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Italy: army/dislodged tri
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
tri move alb
PHASE 1912 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Italy: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
England: army gas
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Italy: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move tri
arm move smy
boh support gal
bud support tri
bul move gre
con move ank
gal support rum
gas move spa
ion move tun
gol support wes move tys
mid move wes
mar support pie
mun move tyr
naf support tun
nwy hold
pie support tyr move ven
rum hold
ser move bud
sev move arm
tri support tyr move ven
tun support wes move tys
tus move pie
tyr move ven
tys move gol
ukr support rum
ven support alb move tri
vie support tri
wes move tys
PHASE 1912 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gre
Russia: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Italy: supply tri
England: fleet tun
Italy: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: fleet/dislodged tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
tys move rom
PHASE 1912 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army kie
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1913 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Italy: fleet ank
Italy: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
Italy: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet naf
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move tri
ank move bla
arm move ank
boh move tyr
bud support rum move ser
gal support vie
gre move bul
ion move tun
lon move nth
gol support tys
mar support pie
mun support boh move tyr
naf move tun
nwy hold
pie support tyr move ven
rom move nap
rum support ukr move gal
ser support alb move tri
smy support arm move ank
spa hold
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri support rum move ser
tun move ion
tus support ven
tyr move ven
tys support tun move ion
ukr move gal
ven support alb move tri
vie support tri
war support ukr move gal
wes support tys
PHASE 1913 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Russia: army ank
Italy: supply ank
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Germany: army/dislodged gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Italy: fleet/dislodged ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: fleet/dislodged nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move sil
ion move gre
nwy move bar
PHASE 1913 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Russia: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Russia: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nth
Russia: army nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: army spa
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move tri
bar support nth move nwy
bla support bul move rum
boh support sil move gal
bud support sil move gal
bul move rum
den move swe
gal move rum
gre move ion
ion support tys move nap
kie move mun
gol convoy spa move tus
mar support pie
mun move tyr
nap support gre move ion
nth move nwy
nwy move stp
pie support spa move tus
rum move sev
ser support alb move tri
sil move gal
smy move con
spa move tus via convoy
swe move nwy
tri support tyr move ven
tun support ion
tus move pie
tyr move ven
tys move nap
ven support alb move tri
vie support tri
wes move tys
PHASE 1913 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Russia: army ank
Italy: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Russia: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Russia: army/dislodged gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Italy: army/dislodged tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
gal move ukr
tus move rom
PHASE 1913 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
remove alb
build Army mos
PHASE 1914 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Italy: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Italy: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
Russia: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
England: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Italy: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ank move arm
bar move nwy
bla move bul/ec
boh support gal
bud move ser
con move bul
den support nwy move swe
gal move rum
gre move ion
ion move nap
kie move mun
gol move tus
mar move pie
mun move sil
nap move tys
nwy move swe
pie move ven
rom support ven move tus
rum move bud
ser support rum move bud
sev support ukr move rum
stp move nwy
swe support stp move nwy
tri support bud move ser
tun move ion
tus move rom
tyr support pie move ven
tys support tus move rom
ukr move rum
ven move tus
vie move bud
war move gal
wes move gol
PHASE 1914 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Italy: army/dislodged ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: fleet/dislodged swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
ser move alb
swe move bot
PHASE 1914 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: army alb
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Italy: fleet bla
Germany: army boh
Russia: fleet bot
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Italy: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Italy: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
Russia: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Italy: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Italy: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
arm move ank
bar move nwy
bla move bul/ec
boh move gal
bot move bal
gal move ukr
gre move aeg
ion move apu
gol support wes move tys
mos move ukr
mun move bur
nap move tys
pie move tus
rom support tys move ven
ser support gre move bul
sil support boh move gal
swe support bar move nwy
tri support vie move bud
tun support tys move ion
tus move ven
tyr support ven
tys move ion
ven support pie move tus
vie move bud
wes move tys
PHASE 1914 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
Italy: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
build Army ber
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
remove nap
PHASE 1915 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
Germany: army boh
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/ec
Germany: army bur
Russia: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: army gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet gol
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Italy: army rom
Italy: supply rom
Russia: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: fleet tun
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support bul/ec move con
ank move smy
apu support ion move nap
bal move swe
ber hold
boh move sil
bud move rum
bul/ec move con
con move bul
den move kie
edi move nrg
gal support bud move rum
gre move bul
ion move nap
lon move eng
gol move tys
mos move ukr
mun move tyr
nwy hold
rom move nap
rum support con move bul
ser support bud move rum
sev support rum
sil move pru
stp move nwy
swe hold
tri move bud
tun move ion
tus support tys move rom
tyr move tri
tys move rom
ven support tys move rom
PHASE 1915 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: army/dislodged con
Italy: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
con move ank
PHASE 1915 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet apu
Russia: fleet bal
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: fleet con
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
Germany: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
England: fleet tys
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Russia: army war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
aeg support con move smy
ank move con
apu move adr
bud support rum
bul move con
bur hold
con move smy
eng move mid
gal support sil move war
ion move eas
nap support tys move ion
nrg move bar
pru support sil move war
rom hold
rum support gal
ser support ion move gre
sev move rum
sil move war
smy support ank move con
tri move vie
tys move ion
ukr support sev move rum
PHASE 1915 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
Italy: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: fleet rom
Italy: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Russia: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army/dislodged smy
Italy: fleet smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Russia: army/dislodged war
Russia: supply war
ORDERS
smy move arm
war move mos
PHASE 1915 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
Russia: fleet bal
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Russia: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
remove bal
build Army edi
build Fleet lon
build Army mun
remove ukr
PHASE 1916 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet adr
Italy: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Russia: army arm
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Italy: army bul
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Russia: supply con
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: army edi
England: supply edi
Germany: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: fleet rom
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Italy: fleet smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet swe
England: supply swe
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
Germany: army tyr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: army vie
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
adr move alb
aeg hold
ank support arm move smy
arm move smy
bar hold
ber move pru
bud support rum
bul move con
eas move aeg
edi move yor
gal move ukr
ion support eas move aeg
kie move den
lon move eng
mid hold
mos support stp
nap hold
nwy hold
pru move lvn
rom move tys
rum support gal move ukr
ser support ion move gre
smy support aeg
stp hold
swe move fin
tyr move tri
vie move gal
war support pru move lvn
PHASE 1916 Spring Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Italy: fleet/dislodged aeg
England: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Germany: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Italy: fleet/dislodged smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move bul/sc
smy move eas
PHASE 1916 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
England: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
England: fleet bar
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
Germany: army gal
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Russia: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: fleet nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
Germany: army pru
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Russia: army sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: army stp
Russia: supply stp
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: army yor
ORDERS
aeg move gre
alb support aeg move gre
ank move con
bar move stp/nc
bul/sc support con
bur move bel
con support eas move smy
eas move smy
eng hold
fin support bar move stp
gal move ukr
ion support aeg move gre
lvn move mos
mid hold
mos support sev
nap move tys
nwy support bar move stp
pru move lvn
rum support ukr move sev
ser support alb move gre
sev support mos
smy support ank move con
stp support mos
tys move wes
ukr move sev
war support lvn move mos
yor move wal
PHASE 1916 Fall Retreat
POSITIONS
England: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army con
Russia: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
England: fleet gre
Italy: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Russia: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Russia: army/dislodged sev
Russia: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Italy: supply smy
England: supply spa
Russia: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
sev disband
PHASE 1916 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: fleet bul/sc
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Army ber
remove bul/sc
build Fleet kie
build Army lon
build Fleet lvp
PHASE 1917 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet alb
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: army ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: army bud
Germany: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: fleet kie
Germany: supply kie
England: army lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: fleet lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: army mun
Germany: supply mun
England: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ukr
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: army war
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
alb move gre
ank support smy
bel move pic
ber move kie
bud move tri
con move smy
eas support con move smy
eng convoy lon move nap
fin hold
gre move bul/sc
ion move aeg
kie move hol
lon move nap via convoy
lvp move iri
mid convoy lon move nap
mun move bur
nwy hold
rum support gre move bul
ser support gre move bul
sev move arm
smy support ank
stp/nc hold
tri move ven
tys convoy lon move nap
ukr move sev
ven move pie
wal hold
war move sil
wes convoy lon move nap
PHASE 1917 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
Italy: supply bul
England: fleet bul/sc
Germany: army bur
Italy: army con
Italy: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
England: fleet gre
England: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: army nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
Germany: army pie
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move con
ank support smy
arm move ank
bul/sc support aeg move con
bur move bel
eng move iri
gre move aeg
iri move mid
mid move wes
pie move mar
smy support ank
tys move ion
wal hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1917 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
England: supply bul
England: fleet bul/sc
England: fleet con
England: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
Italy: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
England: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: army nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
build Fleet ber
remove eas
build Fleet lon
build Army lvp
PHASE 1918 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
Russia: army ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
England: supply bul
England: fleet bul/sc
England: fleet con
England: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet fin
England: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
England: fleet iri
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: army nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nwy
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank support smy
arm support con move ank
bul/sc move con
con move ank
fin hold
ion move eas
iri move mid
lon move eng
lvp hold
mid move wes
nwy move nrg
smy support ank
stp/nc hold
tys move ion
wal hold
wes move tys
PHASE 1918 Fall Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet aeg
England: fleet ank
Russia: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
England: supply bul
England: fleet con
England: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet eas
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
England: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
England: fleet mid
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: army nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
Russia: army smy
Russia: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
England: fleet wes
ORDERS
aeg move smy
ank hold
arm support eas move smy
con support aeg move smy
eas move syr
eng hold
fin hold
ion hold
lvp hold
mid move por
nap hold
nrg hold
stp/nc hold
tys hold
wal hold
wes move spa/sc
PHASE 1918 Fall Adjustment
POSITIONS
England: fleet ank
England: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
England: supply bul
England: fleet con
England: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
England: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: army nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet smy
England: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
England: fleet syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
build Fleet edi
build Fleet lon
PHASE 1919 Spring Movement
POSITIONS
England: fleet ank
England: supply ank
Germany: army arm
Germany: army bel
Germany: supply bel
Germany: fleet ber
Germany: supply ber
England: supply bre
Germany: supply bud
England: supply bul
England: fleet con
England: supply con
Germany: fleet den
Germany: supply den
England: fleet edi
England: supply edi
England: fleet eng
England: fleet fin
England: supply gre
Germany: fleet hol
Germany: supply hol
England: fleet ion
Germany: army kie
Germany: supply kie
England: fleet lon
England: supply lon
Germany: army lvn
England: army lvp
England: supply lvp
Germany: army mar
Germany: supply mar
Germany: army mos
Germany: supply mos
Germany: supply mun
England: army nap
England: supply nap
England: fleet nrg
England: supply nwy
Germany: supply par
Germany: army pic
England: fleet por
England: supply por
England: supply rom
Germany: army rum
Germany: supply rum
Germany: army ser
Germany: supply ser
Germany: army sev
Germany: supply sev
Germany: army sil
England: fleet smy
England: supply smy
England: supply spa
England: fleet spa/sc
England: supply stp
England: fleet stp/nc
England: supply swe
England: fleet syr
Germany: army tri
Germany: supply tri
England: supply tun
Germany: army tus
England: fleet tys
Germany: army ven
Germany: supply ven
Germany: supply vie
England: army wal
Germany: supply war
ORDERS
